It's just a black snake.
A black cloud seemed to cover the earth.
Another rider appeared on a black horse.
Matthew had thick black hair, but Natalie's was blonde.
A quick glance through the window revealed the black car stopping beside the building.
He was dressed in black, and had a very pleasant face.
The golden brown skin and black hair reminded her of the conversation at Thanksgiving.
He was wearing a hoodie and dressed in black, including gloves.
As they entered the Indian encampment, hostile black eyes turned to follow them.
It looked like the envelope the man in the black car had given him.
Her jet black hair was swept up gracefully into a plaited crown.
Long dark lashes and black curly hair - he had it all.
Cupped in his hand was a tiny black kitten, its eyes still closed.
She had large brown eyes with thick black lashes and matching hair that was stacked becomingly on top of her head.
Then he remained silent for a while, and all at once looked cheerfully with his glittering, black eyes at Rostov.
Her hair was drawn back severely into a bun and she had black eyes that could render a lie detector machine obsolete.
A thousand thought and memories shuffled through my brain like black jack deck.
The black eyes softened slightly.
She was silently thanking the heavens for rescuing her, until one of the men in black entered the garage and began shooting the downed men a second time around.
Below them was a vast space, at the bottom of which was a black sea with rolling billows, through which little tongues of flame constantly shot up.
Only half are black and half nut cases.
The porch posts were black metal with a filigree design.
She could set her clock by his arrival - eight o'clock every Friday night - in a blue plaid western shirt and battered black cowboy hat.
He was dressed in black but not in SWAT gear, as if he knew nothing in this world could hurt him.
Before long they neared the Black Pit, where a busy swarm of Mangaboos, headed by their Princess, was engaged in piling up glass rocks before the entrance.
Julie's sort of a black sheep in her family.
Me ordering a second helping of corn on the cob while dining at the Black Eyed Pea also increases demand for corn, but for doing so, I shouldn't stand trial for murder.
The rider on the black horse turned back.
Two men in black darted through the bodies and into the house while two more hung back at the garage entrance.
"Ride at once to the Black Mountains," he said.
Tears wetted her face as men in what looked like black tactical SWAT gear entered the garage.
As she reached the tree, a large black furry form crashed into the trees ahead of her.
She heard him talking to his mother and she heard his conversation with the man in the black car.
The room went black and his arms instantly surrounded her, drawing her close in an eager embrace.
Yancey strode across the room and opened the door, allowing the man in a black suit to enter.
A tall black woman moved forward from against the wall.
The only person I recognized was the black FBI woman from our earlier meeting.
Several of the men in black eyed her.
Half way up the steep was a yawning cave, black as night beyond the point where the rainbow rays of the colored suns reached into it.
The skirt is black, while the waist is mostly yellow, trimmed with delicate lavender chiffon, and black velvet bows and lace.
Denisov remained silent and did not move, but occasionally looked with his glittering black eyes at Rostov.
In the open space between the clouds and the black, bubbling sea far beneath, could be seen an occasional strange bird winging its way swiftly through the air.
A wide porch stretched the length of the building, and above it were two balconies with black wrought iron banisters that curved out gracefully.
Was it her imagination, or was it the man who drove the black car?
But I heard you talking to that man in the black suit when I was in the building.
Save room for the black and blueberry shortcake and homemade ice creams and sorbets.
Guests recommend the five- or eight-course tasting menus, featuring smoked sea scallops, braised pork belly and pacific black cod.
Seafood entrees range from grilled mahi mahi with wasabi sauce to linguine with shrimp, clams and a black bean sauce.
Falafel, black bean burgers and tempeh share equal ranking on the menu with chicken wings, locally raised beef and salmon.
His humor dissipated at the sight of the black circles under her two-toned eyes.
It was the only battle which I have ever witnessed, the only battle-field I ever trod while the battle was raging; internecine war; the red republicans on the one hand, and the black imperialists on the other.
"The squadwon can't pass," shouted Vaska Denisov, showing his white teeth fiercely and spurring his black thoroughbred Arab, which twitched its ears as the bayonets touched it, and snorted, spurting white foam from his bit, tramping the planks of the bridge with his hoofs, and apparently ready to jump over the railings had his rider let him.
Exotic side dishes range from truffle oil creamed corn to black forbidden rice.
Specialty pizza toppings include broccoli, spinach, eggplant and black olives.
He reached Texas in an instant, loping the black to a small ranch.
The animals were sleek and their black fur shined in the sunlight.
The plate was yellow with black number; two digits, a space, and three digits.
I've got a black and blue mark on my ribs from his version of Saturday night fever.
I'm the poop the black sheep left behind in the pen.
It was pitch black in the bedroom where I was supposed to get the suit.
"It was flying toward the Black Mountains," answered the merchant.
The black checkers are flat and the white ones curved on top.
The chessmen are of two sizes, the white larger than the black, so that I have no trouble in following my opponent's maneuvers by moving my hands lightly over the board after a play.
Puckering up his face though smiling, and showing his short strong teeth, he began with stubby fingers of both hands to ruffle up his thick tangled black hair.
The questions plagued her until one evening when the black car returned.
He had no pencil, but there was a piece of black charcoal on the hearth.
On being told that she was white and that one of the servants was black, she concluded that all who occupied a similar menial position were of the same hue; and whenever I asked her the colour of a servant she would say "black."
Nesvitski looked round and saw, some fifteen paces away but separated by the living mass of moving infantry, Vaska Denisov, red and shaggy, with his cap on the back of his black head and a cloak hanging jauntily over his shoulder.
She kissed his rough curly black head.
Her eyes were almond shaped, the brown of the iris so dark that it was almost black.
He led her through the apartment building to an underground garage and to a sleek, black sports car with black interior.
There was no running water, no food supplies, no energy whatsoever, just a deteriorating building with a score of insurgents and a small black box.
The menu includes pan-seared black bass, butter-poached lobster, confit of cod, roast pork belly, braised lamb shoulder and pheasant two ways.
Lunch options include charbroiled black angus cheeseburgers and crabcake sandwiches.
Specialties include coq au vin and boudin noir, a black sausage with sautéed apples on the side.
Fall meals may include such unusual delicacies as lamb neck with corn and chanterelle mushrooms, black cod with clams and black garlic, and leek bread pudding with fennel.
The plantain baskets, which come stuffed with your choice of garlic shrimp or ground beef, are delicious, as is the black bean soup.
This is a sort of hash or sloppy joe, featuring shredded beef with tomato, green olives, green pepper, tomato, and garlic, served with rice and black beans.
The fixed price menus offer a buffet of side dishes, including salads, assorted appetizers, black beans and rice, and peel and eat shrimp.
After whale watching and coming face to face with a black bear, one is bound to be hungry.
"Why, they are driving us toward the Black Pit, into which they threatened to cast us," replied the kitten.
You will notice my braids are tied with yellow, pink, brown, red, green, white and black; but I have no blue ribbons.
I called him Black Beauty, as I had just read the book, and he resembled his namesake in every way, from his glossy black coat to the white star on his forehead.
If you had called these sensations respectively BLACK and WHITE, he would have adopted them as readily; but he would mean by BLACK and WHITE the same things that he means by SWEET and SOUR.
At length the wind rose, the mist increased, and the waves began to run, and the perch leaped much higher than before, half out of water, a hundred black points, three inches long, at once above the surface.
Looking farther, I was surprised to find that the chips were covered with such combatants, that it was not a duellum, but a bellum, a war between two races of ants, the red always pitted against the black, and frequently two red ones to one black.
One black chicken which the administrator could not catch, black as night and as silent, not even croaking, awaiting Reynard, still went to roost in the next apartment.
Is not our own interior white on the chart? black though it may prove, like the coast, when discovered.
The wind had fallen and black clouds, merging with the powder smoke, hung low over the field of battle on the horizon.
Continue with smoked yellowtail, grilled miso black cod or diver scallops with a miso-lobster sauce.
Try the fresh-caught whole island fish in spicy lemon grass sauce or seafood in ginger black bean sauce, two of the signature dishes.
The full-service bar includes specialty drinks along with margaritas, black cherry liquor and house specialties named after celebrities.
The renovated bar is modern and bright, with mahogany paneling, tin ceilings, unpolished brass accents, drop pendant lights, black leather booths, and a center bar.
Edelweiss serves a traditional selection including apple streudel and black forest cake.
Having come out onto the road he reined in his horse, hesitating whether to ride along it or cross it and ride over the black field up the hillside.
At first she heard only Metivier's voice, then her father's, then both voices began speaking at the same time, the door was flung open, and on the threshold appeared the handsome figure of the terrified Metivier with his shock of black hair, and the prince in his dressing gown and fez, his face distorted with fury and the pupils of his eyes rolled downwards.
The fire died down for a moment and wreaths of black smoke rolled from under the roof.
The restaurant has a tempting display case of beautifully decorated desserts, such as the black forest cake.
Wild-caught black drum fish is grilled and served with mango mint butter.
Wash your burger down with a shake; flavors include vanilla bean, dark chocolate, mango, pistachio, coffee, black and white, coconut, and cola.
Denisov was a small man with a red face, sparkling black eyes, and black tousled mustache and hair.
The black, hairy, snub-nosed face of Vaska Denisov, and his whole short sturdy figure with the sinewy hairy hand and stumpy fingers in which he held the hilt of his naked saber, looked just as it usually did, especially toward evening when he had emptied his second bottle; he was only redder than usual.
The night was dark but starry, the road showed black in the snow that had fallen the previous day--the day of the battle.
Corn seasoned with red bell peppers and black beans made a colorful vegetable.
The black car sat outside the building with its trunk open.
I started the dairy and everything I had went into getting it into the black.
Maybe so, but there have been many people attacked by bears - mostly black bears.
Everything around her started to spin and then went black.
More likely so they can stay in the black.
There were three bedrooms but the largest one, presumably belonging to Howie, was located in the rear of the house where it remained pitch black.
Light strobed through cracks in the boards, and the sidewalks teemed with shady-looking characters dressed all in black.
Even the pictures on the wall were black and white photography in black frames.
There was an alarm clock on the nightstand beside the black base of a lamp.
Black furniture, white carpets, black granite countertops in the kitchen, white walls and cabinets.
Sunny was black and white, just like the rest of Dusty's world.
A tall, toned woman who looked like she did Pilates for a living stood in the hall in tight black leather pants and a tight pink T-shirt that drew attention to her large breasts.
And the fact the Black God wanted her.
There was no such thing as a good Black God, and Jonny would be no exception.
He returned to the house to await Darian, not surprised to see Bianca's black and white cat darting down the stairs.
Her breath caught as she saw Talon leaning against a black car.
The devil's cold dark eyes flared and turned black.
You see the black clouds?
The frozen sea beneath her feet was the color of tar, the black clouds above paused mid-swirl around a pop of blue sky in the storm's center.
And still the Black God walked.
"We wait," the Black God replied.
Talon watched the Black God go.
It wasn't the Black God.
"It's time," the Black God said over his shoulder.
His eyes turned black, fathomless, and she knew whatever creature possessed the human body was loosening its grip on its powers.
The world dumped her on top of a pile of sand near the boardwalk with the angry black sea roaring behind her.
His eyes were closer to normal, swirling black spheres.
He took in the various scenes, to include the local news, which blasted photos of the black skies and mounting waves of the tropical-storm-turned-hurricane.
The Black God's there?
The Black God held out his hands.
He'd been jogging for an hour when a black Tahoe pulled up alongside him.
Dusty glanced up at the sky, where the clouds had gone from black to slate.
The Black God turned at his approach.
Jonny's brown eyes, now black, traveled past Dusty to Damian.
He said there's a new Black God.
His hair was long and black, braided down his back.
Jule sat with his back against the far wall, his lip bloodied, one eye black, and his hands chained above his head to the pipes running from the floor to the ceiling.
The new Black God?
The gangly youth before him had dyed his hair from platinum back to its natural color of black.
The Black God's gaze turned sharp.
"Then what do you want?" the Black God asked.
The Black God wasn't able to take his eyes off her.
Damian called to the Black God.
A blur of black shot between her and the attacker.
The Black God nodded.
"Her brother's the Black God," Darian said out of nowhere.
I can do things Damian and the Black God can't.
Only two forms and a body draped in black remained on the cliff side.
He was tightly wrapped in black fabric, his head towards the ocean.
One of her eyes was black from a blow, and the sight infuriated him.
He was dressed in black, and his chiseled features and striking blue eyes were perfect enough to have been sculptured.
He changed into all black and strapped a sword to his back before closing his eyes and envisioning the interior of NOVA Sector.
Unlike the others dressed for a white tie event, he was dressed in leather pants with a tight black Pearl Jam T-shirt, his hair braided, a chain from his spiked belt to his wallet, and heavy black boots.
He opened the windows, which did little to shed light into the stone room with its masculine, black décor.
Even now, her heart quickened and her thoughts raced to the image of him in tight black clothing.
Damian had a lot of cars, and she found the black BMW whose lights flashed when she clicked the key fob.
Damian pulled off his sweater to reveal a black T-shirt and tucked weapons into his cargo pants, boots, and pockets.
She stayed the urge to curl up in her chair, jumping when a shadow with lopsided shoulders emerged from the corner dressed like an executioner in black hood and gloves.
If she closed her eyes, she would see the black memories crossing through his mind, but she allowed him his privacy.
He was dressed again all in black, a color that should have minimized his size but just amplified how ripped he was beneath the clothing.
He sensed the visions in her head, not surprised to see his own black memories playing on the screens on the back of her eyelids along with a dark nightmare of a man in a corner crying.
It wrenched open, and a man in a black trench coat Damian's size looked her over once.
Shadows chased her up the stairs and flew down the halls, coating the floors and walls in shallow, black fog.
He drew away from her, and she met his black gaze.
Pierre was beyond handsome with his brooding looks, wind-swept blond hair, black clothing, and trench coat.
Black isn't supposed to do that.
As he pulled on the last of his clothes and crossed to his armory, a small, black velvet box nestled between two daggers drew his attention.
Several cars were on fire, and black smoke spiraled toward the sky.
Deep holes in the ground, rimmed with black, pockmarked the shallow valley.
The large man in black with lopsided shoulders and an executioner's hood pressed himself into a corner.
Though she wasn't hungry, she drank, exploring the black curtain shielding his memories as she did.
"As soon as he's done, we'll start working on you," the Black God promised.
"I've been right here!" she said, shoving at him and his black memories.
The Black God looked from her towards the direction of the voice.
"Two, bring her," the infuriated Black God ordered.
She sobbed, absorbing the black visions spilling through his mind.
Pierre gripped each of their arms and led them toward two black Tahoes.
He understood that the Black God can never truly kill the White God for fear of unleashing the Original Beings, who would crush him.
Damian closed his eyes in pain, unable to shake his brother's black history.
The Black God doesn't share our view.
A look around her bedchamber with its black, stone walls, ceiling and floor revealed nothing remotely edible.
Her room was made of black stone and quiet with no sounds except the crackle of fire.
Made of material softer than silk, the black dress she wore pooled at the top of her feet.
Deidre continued through the halls lined with torches bearing black flames.
It was hunched over a book large enough to cover half the black stone desk at which it sat.
A small hourglass with black sand was in his palm.
Unable to exit the dream fully, Deidre had no concept of how long they stood before the black flames of the fire.
Fevered and shivering, she felt too weak and hungry to focus well, but the shape of the black hourglass was unmistakable.
She had two markings on her back: One burgundy, the familiar Immortal mating tattoo, and the new one black, positioned directly beneath the original.
Have you ever seen the web of a black widow?
In truth, destiny is like the web of a black widow.
His black eyes saw through her; his cold features were expressionless.
The landing overlooked the parched desert surrounding the black fortress.
His black eyes scoured her features and lingered on her lips.
A black cave yawned open before her.
The air was hot and dry, the two suns too dim to shed much light into the black fortress.
Death was a dark, towering, muscular figure in the living area of her apartment, clothed in black and wearing an expression that mirrored what she felt.
She gave him another smile and turned away, retreating through the black portal.
He wore black pants that hugged his lower body to reveal the lean hips and long, muscular legs.
A flare of interest was in Darkyn's black gaze, one that made her realize he wasn't leaving until he was finished with her.
The light of the black fire was too dim for her to see much more than the outline of his form.
It dissipated into black smoke in his hands.
Except that, on his body, it was her name written in black.
She possessed a head of coal black hair, tied in a single braid that extended below her waist, dark eyes, and a smile that lit up the room.
He couldn't imagine any childhood taunting that would have caused him to crawl into the earth through a cold, wet, and black hole.
The timing was propitious, as black clouds had begun to roll up the valley and gather above them, the advance guard of a summer shower.
Thunder tumbled down the San Juan Mountains, heralding the arrival of pelting rain that turned the Jeep road into a surging stream and the sky to an ominous shade of raven black.
That would be a hoot, pushing my cart in a black cape!
Dean bumped into Pumpkin Green, who was leaving, a black cape and tuxedo over his arm.
Pumpkin held up the hanger, his outfit draped like black robed judge.
I'm leaving my black hose at home.
The attorney quickly recovered and half slid, half ran down the slope next to his Jeep where they were standing, covering his shiny black shoes with dust in the process and nearly falling on the seat of his creased shorts.
She glanced down at the black abyss before them.
Her trousers were black with mud front and back, her pant leg torn, and her left knee bloody.
Beneath folded boxer shorts, but not well hidden, rested a black revolver.
Dean ordered a cup of black Kona.
When Dean arrived in the hall, he was met by two men in black and his political opponent, Seymour Fitzgerald.
Fat man in black stifled a laugh while the acting sheriff glowered.
He was a big black guy—that was the only description.
The black man, the passenger spotted in the stolen Buick, had been apprehended when he returned to the vehicle to retrieve his overnight satchel.
Now, eyes open, eyes shut—it was both the same—as black as the inside of a buried coffin on a moonless night.
The only innocent soul in Hell, for Wynn's was as black as the stone blocks of Hell's fortress.
Darkyn was lean and wiry, his youthful looks at odds with the ancient intelligence in his black eyes.
His black eyes saw through Wynn.
Just under seven feet tall and muscular, he wore all black with weapons strapped to various parts of his body.
The portal to his underworld was grey; only yellow mortal portals and the black one to Hell were visible.
She pushed at the black wall again, wanting to remember.
He was like a massive shadow among the sunny forest, dressed all in black and armed as if for battle, even when coming to see her.
A head taller than her, he was lean and calm, his black eyes missing nothing.
The demon's wiry frame was armed, his black eyes steady and quiet power restrained.
She wore the clothing of the women of Hell: a black, silky, backless dress that reached the tip of her sandaled feet.
The black dress she wore fit her like a second skin, outlining every curve, dip and nook of her body.
After a moment, a form emerged from the black portal.
As she stepped through, so did Darkyn's mate, from a black portal to her left.
Sensing her alarm, Darkyn's mate turned and took the arm of the girl behind her, pushing her towards the black door to Hell.
It was pointless to buy a bikini and wear it only once, so Carmen bought a black push-up bra and some skimpy black briefs trimmed with black ribbon.
While he was in the bathroom she stripped down to the black underwear and gave her hair another brushing.
The off-the-shoulder style with its white lace made the most of her newly acquired tan, and the shiny black belt and full skirt made her waist look small.
I remembered how you acted when you saw me in the black underwear.
Yeah, that was probably said by someone who didn't have a big sow black bear after them.
The man standing in the weedy area of the lot was tall and thick, dressed in a trench coat, black clothing and heavy boots.
The eyes that once turned from black to white to every color in between were now blue-green in color, and her face held a human flush enhanced by his lovemaking.
His eyes were white then black then changed from every color in between, his brown hair of medium length and wavy, ruffled by the sea breeze.
They carried weapons, too, and their eyes were pure black, their teeth pointed like Jared's.
The flutter of a black trench coat blended with the dark sky as Gabriel twisted them in midair, so he'd hit back first, with her protected in his arms.
There were no trench coats outside of the underworld he'd consider wearing, but he pulled on a soft black t-shirt and strapped a few sheaths to his body.
Tall and lean, with eyes as black as Gabriel's, the man who stood too close for her comfort wore normal enough clothing, aside from the knives strapped to his thighs.
His eye was black, one of his cheekbones yellow.
As she watched, the black eye and bruised cheek healed themselves.
Dressed in black, he was an imposing figure, even in the cavernous room.
Dressed all in black with weapons strapped in places identical to where Gabriel wore his, the tall man was lean with cold eyes.
The muscular frame, black gaze, dark clothes all looked the same.
She stood on a covered landing of a fortress made of black stones overlooking a parched desert beneath dual suns too faded to provide anything other than indirect light.
It was dim inside the stronghold, and the first torch they crossed that burned with black flames mesmerized her long enough for her to lose sight of Darkyn around a corner.
He led her past closed doors and through hallways carved out of black stone.
One opened it for him, and she trailed him into a large bedchamber complete with a hearth burning black flames.
It was muted black, made out of material smoother than silk that draped over her arm like a second skin.
She changed out of her familiar clothing into the dress that matched the black world around her.
Deidre opened her eyes and blinked rapidly, realizing the black she tried to clear from her sight was the black ceiling of the operating room.
The walls, however, were as black as the ceiling.
She wore the black dress still.
The only difference was her hair and the eyes that turned from white to black to every color in between.
She sat in a chair by the black hearth.
It gave off heat despite the black flames.
She was beautiful, a woman of sunshine, smiles, and eyes that changed from white to black and every color in between.
Death held out her hand, and an hourglass with black sand appeared in her palm.
She tipped the hourglass, and black sand began to spill.
He went to the only portal that glowed black --the portal to Hell --and stepped from the shadow world into the tiny, dark cell holding his friend.
When she felt ready to snap, the black lady returned with the little boy in tow.
The black lady's tone left no imagination to what she thought of the latest deadbeat mom in her office.
He was tall and clothed in all black, ominous and large against the slate sky.
The man in black approached.
She stepped back even more and clenched the purse to her body, distracted as a sleek black car pulled up to the curb.
She took one more look at the ominous man in black and the sword at his hip and followed, shaking from more than cold.
Katie instinctively believed her and twisted, staring with Toby at the man in black who watched them drive away.
She felt the cold, black glare and fought the urge to run back inside the clinic.
He was in black, unaffected by the cold or the light settling over him, outlining him like glitter on black construction paper.
Toby had drawn him on black construction paper with silver glitter outlining the shape of a man.
Her mind cleared, and she wiped her eyes at the massive form in black before her.
He was close to seven feet tall, with chiseled features and eyes as black as eternity.
His eyes glowed darker than night, two black holes in his otherwise indistinguishable face.
He was muscular and tall, clothed in dark jeans, a snug grey T-shirt that hugged his biceps and stretched across his chest and back and then sagged at his slender torso and hips, and a round black medallion that fell from his T-shirt as he leaned over her.
He shook the hand of his brother and friend, whose black skin clashed with his.
It was three months' salary, though Hannah had added it to the black AmEx her fiancé paid in full every month without a second thought.
Andre's apartment was black and fiery.
His eyes were black and empty, his frame small and wiry.
Her air supply cut off, she tore at the hand holding her until the skin on his arm fell away to reveal smooth, black skin more akin to a reptile's than a human's.
He made his way through the castle with the black stones as he had many times during his long stay.
Sasha was waiting for him in his study, sitting beside a fireplace that burned with black flames.
His gaze took in Sasha before sliding to the black flames.
She followed, startled, only to see a massive black bird the size of a pterodactyl coasting along the tops of the waves.
Katie faced him and saw that he was dressed like Gabriel, all in black.
She sat on the river bank across from a series of wide, large steps leading up a hill to the park where the Arch stood, framed against a black sky.
The only brother not to declare outright war on him, Kiki was a distant second to Andre in his tepid support of their black sheep of a young brother.
He wore his customary all black, his dark eyes hidden behind dark shades.
He wore all black, though he was dressed more simply than she'd seen him, in dark jeans and a black long-sleeved T-shirt and heavy boots.
There were wide eighteenth- century ball gowns, women in little black dresses, one in a fifties poodle skirt, and several in dark dresses with ornate brocade on the bodice, like that of wealthy Middle Age royalty.
His black gaze was still visible in the dark living room.
Another wild adventure by the black sheep of a sister that was dear Hannah's.
Rhyn emerged from the shadows near the window, dressed in black with his hair tied back.
Suddenly, a massive black jaguar leapt past her toward the nearest trail.
She turned and raised an eyebrow at him, her rainbow eyes flashing with every color between white and black.
Dressed all in black with his dark eyes and hair, he looked like a living shadow in the snow-covered world.
It was not all black but had a white patch around one eye.
The room consisted of a massive bed with black bedding and white pillows, a wardrobe and trunks, and yawning windows to the sky that light never touched.
And don't try to tell me that black cat wasn't you!
Far across the sea, he saw the black walls of Hell stretching from water to sky.
He gazed into the black flames of the fire in the hearth.
He trotted down a set of black lacquered stairs, an iPad tucked under one arm.
He didn.t stay to hear the splash this time but walked through the shadow world toward the only portal that glowed black, the portal to Hell.
A massive creature with black fur and fangs paused in front of the open door, sniffing the air.
The door exploded open in flames, wood, and black fur.
She.d never understand a man like Kris, who saw the world only in black and white!
The black fortress and dark skies made her heart drop to her feet.
The demon was too surprised to react, and Jade hacked him down until the black walls were sprayed with demon blood.
He reached into his pocket and withdrew a small black pouch, pouring its contents—two green gems holding the dust of human souls—into his palm.
She relaxed into the comfortable black desk chair in front of her computer, wondering if Romas had told Evelyn of the half a dozen kids he expected.
All she had to do was choose the color she wanted to wear-- black for the past several days in silent objection to her presence aboard the ship-- and the ship's computer wove it for her.
I see you're not wearing black today.
To them, she was an exotic little doll with her huge, gem-hued eyes, black hair, and toned hour-glass shape.
She interacted daily with the warrior members of her husband's family, but she'd never seen one quite like this, with soulful, ancient intelligence in his black gaze and a predatory walk.
The man A'Ran fought was more than a foot taller, with light skin and black hair resembling one of the observers.
Crashing into the planet left the left side of her torso black and bruised.
She touched her bruised cheekbone and realized doing so exposed her black and blue arm.
The warm sun had eaten most of the snow from the roadway, leaving a contrasting black ribbon, in places still snow-patched from last night's covering.
"The number six and nine lifts service most of the double black diamond runs," Dean said to Fred with a smile as the old man glided to a wide stop.
The black diamond expert trails were for the Donald Rylands of the world.
Yes, but think of the sleigh bells and the sound of the train coming in from Ridgway, clanking and hooting, and billowing its black smoke.
Take off the rose colored glasses—'my sins will continue'—or better yet, wait until you decipher a few more pages and she gives it to you in black and white, chapter and verse and supplies the sinful details.
Piano George said they lost two fine black horses that slipped on the ice of the Sneffles road and I could hear the men talking loudly about it.
It was barely evening but the darkening clouds and winter season begrimed the outside as black as a slum landlord's heart.
Miss Annie's pretty much spelled it out in black and white in this here journal, even if it was in code.
Ryland sported a black eye but, in spite of it, was smiling.
The pen has black ink in it now.
The last memory each held involved a man with eyes piercing and black as the night sky.
Jackson recognized the black eyes as soon as they were leveled upon him.
His black hair appeared darker, thicker and shone as if coated in oil.
He wore black jeans, a dark gray Versace silk sport shirt with the cuffs rolled up, and a pair of A. Testoni loafers.
Claudia chose a black Valentino.
They were a soft, sable brown with specs of black that seemed to swirl in motion around her pupils like two tiny solar systems.
Connor asked, "White or black?"
Right, black it is.
Her fur was lustrous and her nose looked like black velvet.
Her eyes pierced through him, black as coal; all traces of warmth extinguished.
On the second ring, something sharp pierced the back of her neck and everything went black.
I wish you'd get out of this black mood you've been in lately.
The engine turned over and backfired, black smoke frothing out of the tail pipe.
His black curly hair was cut short, every hair in place, and his angular jaws were freshly shaven.
Those pans are all black on the bottom and...
And then everything went black again.
The narrow black highway ribboned smoothly down hill under a canopy of trees.
Her gaze dropped to the driver's seat, where a small black military radio sat where none had been when she left the car.
The muscular woman, with short blond hair and clad in black tactical gear, stood in a stark white hallway.
George, I have a small black box about the size of your hand with nothing but a keypad in it.
He opened it and looked at the small black keypad a quarter the size of his palm.
She'd removed her personal identifiers, hacked into the government's tracking mainframe to deactivate the implant in her brain, and changed into the black tactical uniform Elise brought her over her civilian grays.
"You don't look like a spec ops soldier," he said, referring to the black uniform Elise insisted she wear.
He took each side of her collar and pulled, the effortless movement ripping the black uniform down the middle.
The man before her snatched one arm and flipped out a knife, cutting through her black clothing and tossing it aside.
Her black uniform was clean and waiting for her.
Soon after, the men in black mowed down two of Dan's men, and the three of them were left to fend for themselves.
They were going into the black water, hundreds of feet beneath them.
The occupant of the large chair in the corner of the living room launched towards her in a flurry of brown and black fur.
Tim stood in his black fed uniform, comfortable with the soldiers eyeing him.
Several soldiers—two in grays and three in black uniforms—approached the bonfire, speaking with the men gathered in a group on one side.
Two soldiers—one in black and one in gray—approached.
"Welcome," the man in black said at last.
He was more intrigued by the sight of soldiers in PMF grays as well as those in the regular military's black uniforms.
More soldiers in gray and black made their way down the bonfires, pausing to talk to Mike.
Mike stopped finally in a chamber where two soldiers—one in black and one in gray—were dusting themselves off.
"At first, I think it was knowing he was a black sheep like me.  My sister always treated me like I was a blight on the family name.  She tried to help me in her own way, I guess, which was better than what Rhyn's brothers did to him.  I wanted to believe he could make it in the Immortal world, because if he could, I could, too," she started.
An hour glass with streaming black sand appeared in his palm.
Rhyn crept carefully through the demon scouts positioned throughout the forest surrounding the castle.  The demons wore the Dark One's uniform of all black with waterproof cloaks and hoods.  The demon side of him rendered his presence similar enough to a full-demon's that the others wouldn't be alarmed.  He sized up each demon he passed, until he found one who appeared to be his size.  The creature didn't hear his soft step, and the snapping of the demon's neck was the only other sound in the falling rain.
The water looked … black in the moonlight.  She took a step back and looked up towards the moons.  As Gabriel indicated, one moon was lower than the other.
The sounds of fighting grew faint and then disappeared.  The stream wound through the jungle until it reached a small waterfall that fed into a massive lake whose black surface reflected the stars and moon.  Katie slid down the hill beside the waterfall to the lake's edge, uncertain what to do.  Gabriel hadn't mentioned the stream ending or the lake.
Rhyn opened a portal and walked through the cool shadow place.  The shadow world felt … strange this time.  He looked around, unsettled by the sensation that someone else was there.  The black portal to Hell throbbed then dimmed, as if someone and come through.
Toby huddled against the black stone wall of his cell in Hell.
Rhyn awoke from the island dreamscape in the shadow world.  He rose, uncertain what happened but recalling his urgency.  He crossed through the glowing black portal into the one place he'd hoped never to see again: Hell.  Unwilling to get stuck in the cell where he'd spent many lifetimes, he chose to open the portal into the office of the Council's betrayer, Sasha.  The office was as he remembered it, down to the black flames in the hearth.
Yes. And the man in black who used to visit you.
"I'm not sure.  I was at home when someone broke in.  I heard someone screaming then something hot went straight through me.  Everything went black, and I woke up here," the woman explained.
More thunder boomed.  Katie wondered what other kinds of storms the underworld might have.  Would it rain something other than black water?  With her luck, it'd rain bugs, like the beetle nest she skirted.
Kris looked up in time to see Kiki crash through the canopy and plummet towards the ground.  Kris gasped and sprung forward.  A streak of black crossed his vision as a flying demon snatched Kiki out of the air.
Gabe and a few other assassins in black fought off hordes of demons.  Surprised, Rhyn launched into the melee with his dagger.  He slashed through several demons before the creatures realized he was there.  Wanting to keep them off balance, he morphed into his demon form and shredded the creatures with talons and fangs as deadly as theirs.
The black sand had run out.  He'd missed his window.  Rather, he missed this window.  He looked over at the demon standing before him.  At least one of his super-demons had survived.  This one still wore half a face, that of Death's favorite assassin, Gabriel.
Gabe took the necklace, looking at the two emeralds on the black leather-like cord.  He'd missed his necklace after eons wearing it.  He'd missed his mother and baby brother.  He squeezed them in his hand in the only hug he could give his dead family.
Gabe stepped closer to the Lake.  Even through the black water, he could see the green souls at the bottom.
I was wearing jeans and a black shirt.
His hair was a tad past barbering time and he wore polished black shoes and black socks, inconsistent with the rest of his attire.
"You be careful now," Leo called after him, "it's pitch black over there on the beach."
When he could finally focus through the black of the night, he plodded forward, feet wallowing in the soft sand like a boat in a heavy sea.
He was slowly picking pieces of Styrofoam flotsam from his early morning cup of black coffee.
Both drank their coffee black and although both took a doughnut, Mrs. Byrne simply picked at hers, lifting the tiniest of crumbs with dampened fingertips.
He has a black and white sense of right and wrong.
His high-water trousers exposed black silk socks with little ladders up the sides, held in place with garters, something Dean hadn't seen in decades.
"Put on your glasses, you'll go blind doing that," Dean said, handing Fred his beer and reclaiming his rocker from Mrs. Lincoln, the large black cat that had adopted the pair the prior February.
Mrs. Byrne was dressed in a black jersey dress with a single strand of pearls around her neck.
She jumped off in her graceful way, a bal­lerina in a black fur coat.
A very tall, per­fectly proportioned black man, looking like the front page of a fashion magazine, smiled and held out his hand.
Everything about him was perfect, from the glass polish of his black shoes to the knife-like crease in his thousand-dollar suit.
It's dark out, as black as Winston here, and we drop 'em and scoot.
Blond hair or maybe light brown—not black.
A stack of books rested in front of her and she sipped a cup of black coffee.
Cora had spotted a car, a black Buick this time, but had not written down the license plate num­ber.
Two neighbors reported seeing a black car near the house.
I should be wearing black instead of enjoying myself, even if it's only once in awhile.
The guy had black hair and a mustache.
He might have a mustache, black hair or a shaved head for all we know, and two and a half mil­lion could buy a face-job making him look like Robert Redford.
He didn't know a name or a number but the fellow had black hair.
He was still above the timberline, devoid of any trees that would impair visibility so it was clear enough to follow the road with its many switchbacks and curves traversing the mountain below him, a black line clinging to the side of the cliff like a pen­cil drawing.
He ran a hand through short curly black hair that didn't need straightening.
It had finally been in the black and she was actually making a profit.
Those delicious milk chocolate eyes and long black lashes were hypnotic.
The pupils in his eyes were dilated so large that his eyes looked black in a face that had gone strangely pale.
The black frame with its hunter green trim rested on blocks right now.
Black spots clouded her vision as she grabbed the receiver, and then she fell.
He actually made the plunge into that bottomless black pool sound almost enticing.
The Black God wants to be the only god the humans know.
And you all in black.
His eyes and hair were black, his features noble.
Claire stared after him then looked back at the stranger in black.
"I'm Czerno, the Black God, your new master and mate," he said.
Immobilized, fear rose within her as she watched the Black God lift Darian's bloody form from the ground.
The human world will fall to the Black God if you aren't there to protect it.
Jenn glimpsed the black curls of her daughter's head as her mother tried to push her away.
Fire still raged at one end of the orchard, filling the air above the trees with black smoke.
Gather your Guardians and battle the Black God, the Watcher said.
Present Day Fortress of the Black God
The Black God was slipping out of her influence.
Jonny, the Black God, broke her Zen-like moment.
The Black God glowed like a storm cloud.
She had just under fourteen days left with the Black God until his bargain with her boss was up, and she could go home.
With four days at most remaining in her ability to control the Black God, she suspected she'd be dead in five.
Darian had followed her around like a lost puppy before she was assigned to the Black God.
She couldn't help feeling relieved the Black God didn't want her going with him this time.
Jenn drew a knife and obeyed, guessing whatever awaited her couldn't be much worse than the Black God or Original Vamp.
Damian's nature was not like Darian's and their father's, but he'd shouldered the responsibility to protect humanity and battle the Black God without question.
One of their brothers, Jule, had told them quietly where Jenn was after a trip to visit one of the vamps holed up with the Black God.
He shouldn't draw attention using magic this close to the Black God's hideout.
They were passive aggressive with her, hazing her when the Black God and Xander weren't around.
They obeyed faster than they ever would a command from the Black God, who still struggled to control his vamps.
She'd seen him trying to train the Black God a couple of times but never in the ring with any of the vamps.
The Black God's bedroom door was closed for the first time in a week.
Judging by the position of his computer, he'd been on it last night, and the black notebook where he wrote notes to himself about his duties was missing.
Damian had assigned her here to help Jonny root out the vamps who were working with Others in the Black God's ranks.
More importantly, she had to find out what Jonny's next step was, once the month-long truce between White and Black Gods was up.
The dead woman's pale skin and hair starkly contrasted with Jonny's black silk sheets and duvet.
What dismay she felt at Jonny's first killing a week ago had slid into understanding that the Black God was merely becoming what he was.
Darian found a summer cabin beside a lake in a small logging town near the Black God's hideout.
She was constantly assessing him and had been since she discovered him as a prisoner of the Black God.
The little black one with blue eyes.
He'd had them frequently when Sofi freed him from the Black God.
For months, he'd black out several times a day and wake up somewhere else, usually with the room around him in shambles.
Darian exited and dressed in all black, arming himself with knives.
They weren't far from the Black God's mountain fortress.
Rather than risk Traveling to the center of the phenomenon, Jenn ran down the driveway the vamps had cleared of snow to the narrow country road leading up the mountain to the Black God's hideout.
She jumped, surprised to find the Black God a couple of feet behind her, staring at the scene.
The Black God snatched her ankle, dragging her back.
The Black God's power swelled, stifling the air around them.
She recognized him as Charles, the vamp Damian had gotten in exchange for sending her to the Black God.
"The Others are right here on my doorstep, Jenn, and I can't find them!" the Black God said in frustration.
You're the Black God.
Why were the Others lurking in the forest outside the Black God's fortress, if not to kill them all?
If the Black God hadn't been there, we wouldn't have been able to save you.
Jenn sheathed her weapons and started down the peak above the Black God's mountain fortress.
He'd changed again over the course of the two weeks she'd been assigned to the Black God.
Darian asked, taking in the vamps outside the doorway of the Black God's fortress.
The White God hadn't said a word, until requesting a hostage of his own in exchange for sending his brother to live with the Black God.
I've watched Jonny turn into the Black God.
They walked past Darian, with the Black God hesitating before continuing on.
After her two weeks in the Black God's chaotic camp, she'd almost forgotten what it was like to be in an organization that took care of its own.
With a sinking stomach, Jenn admitted she had less than a day of influence left on the Black God.
The Black God hesitated one more time before striding forward.
The Black God awaited him.
A different instinct went off in Darian's mind, one that recognized the look on the Black God's face as being another sign Jenn was in more trouble than expected.
The Black God's face flashed bright red.
I'm the Black God.
The Black God turned and walked away.
As the White and Black Gods of this earth, you are bound by the requirement to turn the violator over to us.
Darian asked, stepping into the center of the room beside the White and Black Gods.
A look at Jonny sent the Black God back quickly as well.
She opened her eyes and found herself in the locker room at the Black God's lair.
The Black God bristled with contained power.
But I also know he made a mistake long before he became the Black God.
The fury he'd felt since awakening from the dark place the Black God kept him started to fade.
The black memories that made him wake up screaming at night, the fear he could still taste in moments of despair, were softened by the sense of stillness that settled into him.
Since he was freed from his imprisonment to the Black God?
He'd learned a few things about killing from the previous Black God, lessons that would now serve him well.
"I can," Darian said, thinking of the Black God and the Others.
There's no telling with a Black God.
A Black God does not know restraint.
"I know you're not paying room and board, but you're running up the bill," the Black God said from inside the fortress.
The Black God looked around him, disoriented, as if he'd been dropped into the foyer and not Traveled there himself.
"I need more heads for my collection," the Black God said with vehemence.
"No, Jenn," the Black God said with a shake of his head.