She handed him a light blue shirt.
Those blue eyes were boring into her soul, searching for heaven only knew what.
The bright blue eyes regarded her thoughtfully.
It had a bright blue cover, which he was careful not to soil.
This zinger out of the blue took me aback.
Like the choice between the devil and the deep blue sea.
Dulce appeared at Carmen's side, dressed in a dark blue gown with a high collar.
Cade kneeled beside the cradle and touched a blue crocheted bootie.
She was taller than Howie but rail thin and possessed an engaging smile, long blond hair and arresting blue eyes.
Around it were arranged, like the five points of a star, the other five brilliant balls; one being rose colored, one violet, one yellow, one blue and one orange.
She'd left town a year ago to get away from two heartbreaks: Papa's death and Aaron's unavailability, only for him to call out of the blue when she just so happened to be in town.
Thick dark lashes and a deep tan intensified the blue of his eyes, and his freshly shaven face had attractive angles.
She appeared as he remembered her the day of her murder: a ten-year-old with long blonde hair, striking blue eyes, and golden skin.
A patch of blue cement suggested a swimming pool might also inhabit the estate.
Then she looked at Zeb, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink, and gave a little laugh that sounded a bit nervous.
I've got a black and blue mark on my ribs from his version of Saturday night fever.
Their eyes met for a moment... piercing blue eyes meeting startled green eyes in a battle of nerve.
Dorothy was too dazed to say much, but she watched one of Jim's big ears turn to violet and the other to rose, and wondered that his tail should be yellow and his body striped with blue and orange like the stripes of a zebra.
The hunt for my wife and Molly commenced at the scene of the blue van.
His features were chiseled from golden granite, his blue eyes clearer than the Miami shallows.
He raised the dark brow further, blue eyes twinkling with humor.
Brandon's blue Neon was already in the parking lot, and he was lounging with his back against it, arms folded across his chest.
A blue haired old lady with a walker and her mate hauling an oxygen tank looked at me as If I was the Boston strangler.
But I would like very much a blue hair-ribbon.
Both of them were surprised to see the blue truck parked in the yard when they returned.
His eyes were dancing with amusement as he used one hand to jerk the towel free and expose cut-off blue jeans.
They wore blue uniforms and queer little caps.
His blue gaze swept over her.
Out of the blue, the cavalry comes to the rescue.
The man stepped out and those piercing blue eyes questioned her silently from under furrowed bows.
Something blue in the shadow of the trees caught her attention.
Yancey eyed her blue sundress critically.
On the other side of the rocks, water sprang from the ground and spilled off a ledge into a large blue pool.
His face was above hers, the blue eyes tender and searching.
Alex wore a light blue sweater that accentuated his dark complexion and Jonathan was dressed likewise.
He thought how grand it would be to sail and sail on the wide blue sea.
Her gaze took in his masculine chin, the square cut lower lip and the piercing blue eyes - only right now they weren't piercing.
Did you see that blue truck parked beside the road?
Her mischievous blue eyes sought her father first and then her grandmother.
His face was sober, the blue eyes probing her mind again.
The cogs were working behind those blue eyes.
He grinned, the expression creating little lines around his sparkling blue eyes.
There is a lovely beach that stretches miles along the blue Atlantic.
The neighbor we woke up says he's been around and he drives a dark blue van.
His voice was gruff, and his brows were drawn together in a frown... and yet the blue eyes twinkled with humor.
Eyes of blue ice turned on Allen and Giddon's voice was almost a growl.
There was no mistaking the devotion in the beautiful blue eyes.
She could set her clock by his arrival - eight o'clock every Friday night - in a blue plaid western shirt and battered black cowboy hat.
Walden is blue at one time and green at another, even from the same point of view.
One more effort and I reach the luminous cloud, the blue depths of the sky, the uplands of my desire.
the country between the Atbara and the Blue Nile.
I immediately knew where I was; on the carousel because I was spinning slowly around while blue and red lights revolved around the room.
Grasso bought a dark blue van on the Internet and the guy delivered it here.
Roger asked, turning to Dean, his blue eyes twinkling.
The emotion she'd admitted to yesterday – which Andre had told him as well – shimmered in her large blue eyes.
A touch of humor flashed in those blue pools, and then it was gone.
She walked stiffly to the closet, deciding quickly on a pair of blue jeans and a light shirt with a collar that would hide most of her neck.
Two valets rapidly dressed His Majesty, and wearing the blue uniform of the Guards he went with firm quick steps to the reception room.
At that point, the iffy parts of human history are behind us and it is blue skies and clean sailing ahead.
One of these, a nimble little man, was wearing a blue coat tied round the waist with a rope.
Beginning at his dusty oxfords and indigo blue jeans, her scrutiny continued up to a neatly tucked in worn white cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up to mid arm.
A curly blond head peeked around the corner and large blue eyes studied the stranger cautiously.
Tammy shrugged her tiny shoulders, the large blue eyes imploring her not to pry.
Okay; a blue van.
A dog-walking elderly gentleman swore he sighted the much publicized blue van and the search swung to that area.
Dorothy had a green streak through the center of her face where the blue and yellow lights came together, and her appearance seemed to add to his fright.
"Now it's blue," complained the horse.
Sofia pushed up her shades to display blue eyes rimmed with silver.
It was Yancey, clad in boots, Jeans and a light blue polo shirt.
Another voice, from a man of medium height with clear blue eyes, particularly striking among all these drunken voices by its sober ring, cried from the window: "Come here; part the bets!"
Lathum's pale blue gaze lifted from the tablet and searched Quint's.
His expression sobered and the blue eyes lost a little of their warmth.
"It" was a late model blue Toyota Camry.
The blue ice melted with warmth and a slow smile twisted his lips in an attractive way.
He tipped his hat back, fixing her with a bright blue gaze that stunned her vocal cords.
"It's blue," the woman whom I learned was called Nancy answered.
You will notice my braids are tied with yellow, pink, brown, red, green, white and black; but I have no blue ribbons.
Jarred from her thoughts, she began filling a tube with blue icing.
Once again she was struck by the unusual blue of his eyes.
The chariot was drawn on this occasion by the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, who were decorated with immense pink and blue bows.
The government of the Jurisdiction was of the strictest Puritan type, and although the forty-five "blue laws" which the Rev. Samuel Peters, in his General History of Connecticut, ascribed to New Haven were much confused with the laws of the other New England colonies and some were mere inventions, yet many of them, and others equally "blue," were actually in operation as enactments or as court decisions in New Haven.
Great variety of colour may be obtained by flashing one colour upon another, such as blue on green, and ruby on blue, green or yellow.
Her eyes are very big and blue, and her cheeks are soft and round and rosy and her hair is very bright and golden.
It is pale blue, trimmed with chiffon of the same color.
The blue-bird makes her nest in a hollow tree and her eggs are blue.
Why a blue coat?
Four days before, sentinels of the Preobrazhensk regiment had stood in front of the house to which Balashev was conducted, and now two French grenadiers stood there in blue uniforms unfastened in front and with shaggy caps on their heads, and an escort of hussars and uhlans and a brilliant suite of aides-de-camp, pages, and generals, who were waiting for Napoleon to come out, were standing at the porch, round his saddle horse and his Mameluke, Rustan.
Here and there over the whole of that blue expanse, to right and left of the forest and the road, smoking campfires could be seen and indefinite masses of troops--ours and the enemy's.
"And who is that?" he asked, indicating a short old man in a clean blue peasant overcoat, with a big snow-white beard and eyebrows and a ruddy face.
One, a tall, fair- haired lad in a clean blue coat, was standing over the others.
A vein in the young man's long thin neck swelled like a cord and went blue behind the ear, and suddenly his face flushed.
The little barefooted Frenchman in the blue coat went up to the Armenians and, saying something, immediately seized the old man by his legs and the old man at once began pulling off his boots.
In the ensuing darkness, red and blue lights flashed his shadow on the wet grass.
The blue skirt and sweater were a little dressy for jail, but they'd no doubt give her some fashionable stripes to wear anyway.
She winced as she stood, and glanced up into blue eyes that gave every indication he could read her mind.
Coal, fireclay and blue and red brick clay are dug in the neighbourhood; and there are also market gardens.
Acridine crystallizes in needles which melt at 110° C. It is characterized by its irritating action on the skin, and by the blue fluorescence shown by solutions of its salts.
In front came a man wearing a strange shako and a blue cloak, swarthy, sunburned, and with a hooked nose.
He had just finished dressing for his ride, and wore a blue uniform, opening in front over a white waistcoat so long that it covered his rotund stomach, white leather breeches tightly fitting the fat thighs of his short legs, and Hessian boots.
Dark bushy brows drew together over flashing blue eyes.
The flogging was only just over, and the executioner was releasing from the flogging bench a stout man with red whiskers, in blue stockings and a green jacket, who was moaning piteously.
If the substance does not melt but changes colour, we may have present: zinc oxide - from white to yellow, becoming white on cooling; stannic oxide - white to yellowish brown, dirty white on cooling; lead oxide - from white or yellowish-red to brownish-red, yellow on cooling; bismuth oxide - from white or pale yellow to orange-yellow or reddish-brown, pale yellow on cooling; manganese oxide - from white or yellowish white to dark brown, remaining dark brown on cooling (if it changes on cooling to a bright reddishbrown, it indicates cadmium oxide); copper oxide - from bright blue or green to black; ferrous oxide - from greyish-white to black; ferric oxide - from brownish-red to black, brownish-red on cooling; potassium chromate - yellow to dark orange, fusing at a red heat.
He leaned against the wall a few feet from her, arms crossed and cold blue eyes on her.
Clad in the dark blue uniform of the police, Travis gave a nod of recognition as he passed him.
She looked away fast for fear of the sizzling blue gaze and dropped to her knees in front of Darian, pulling his hands from his face to see the wound.
His blue eyes were sharp, his jaw clenched.
The woman had Dusty's cold beauty, with feminine, chiseled features, long blonde hair and large blue eyes lined with silver.
She stopped at the edge of where the clear water dropped suddenly into impenetrable blue depths.
The frozen sea beneath her feet was the color of tar, the black clouds above paused mid-swirl around a pop of blue sky in the storm's center.
He was dressed in black, and his chiseled features and striking blue eyes were perfect enough to have been sculptured.
I'm okay with you running him over, the man with the cool blue eyes said.
But instead of a rim of darker blue surrounding her irises, they were rimmed by a thick band of iridescent silver.
A drunk man staggered from a dark blue BMW.
Damian met Dusty's clear blue eyes, blood boiling.
Dustin was lean and handsome with clear, cool blue eyes and sharp, angular features.
Rainy's Natural, a beautiful woman with mocha skin and blue eyes, leapt up from her seat.
A strange voice in his head spoke the word again, and he saw the woman with blue and silver eyes.
The woman with the blue and silver eyes came from his dream!
Inside was the most beautiful gown she'd ever seen in a mysterious shade of dark blue sprinkled with silver sequins.
They sparkled like the blue dress and diamonds.
Both wore tuxedos with matching blue cummerbunds, which amused her for such starkly different men.
His blue eyes were colder than the sky on a winter morning in Virginia.
He met Dusty's pale blue eyes and saw his pain reflected in Dusty's tight face.
She was in her mid-twenties, with crystal clear blue eyes and porcelain skin.
There was turmoil in her pale blue eyes.
The sultriness was present, along with the calm steadiness of her blue gaze.
Then out of the blue came the call from a sticky-sweet state worker informing the Deans that Martha would be picked up on Saturday morning—this was Thursday—for the introductory reunion.
The next morning—Sunday—Cynthia's mood climbed to somewhere between a blue funk and resigned neutrality.
All the peaks remained snow-capped, giving sharply defined contrast to the green of their slopes and the blue of the summer sky.
Balloons danced in the warm breeze and red, white, and blue abounded everywhere.
Liz plopped a straw hat with a red, white, and blue band on Dean's head just as three jets in close formation screamed overhead, buzzing the town in a deafening roar.
A woman's pale blue flowered sweater was draped over the passenger seat.
She stepped back as Jennifer Radisson pointed her camera at Faust and his Jeep—and the blue sweater—and snapped a picture.
I wonder if that shot, or whatever it was, came from the owner of that blue sweater on his Jeep seat?
As he started his Jeep, Ginger Dawkins, light blue sweater slung over her arm, came up the street and gave Dean an innocent wave.
Back then you came out of nowhere and married my mother out of the blue.
Roger was a tiny man, no taller than Cynthia, with snowy white hair and sparkling blue eyes.
Lydia walked away from him, down the path to the beginning of the trail that led back to an area known as the Big Blue Wilderness.
Ginger Dawkins was sitting on the porch in her pretty blue sweater as if she'd never huffed and puffed her exit a day earlier.
World class vistas, trickling silver rivers of high snow melt-off, sky as blue as a queen's velvet robe, and the green and grey of forest and rock towering in every direction—all went unseen.
The sun was brilliant, the pinks and oranges – combined with the multiple shades of blue sky as it lightened – creating a vision beyond that of any dream.
She glared at him, the blue fire in her eyes stirring his blood.
He walked down the line to the nearest of the five the demons had approached with offers and paused before the Immortal with icy blue eyes.
She walked slowly, taking in everything from the patches of blue sky visible through the trees to the spring flowers sprinkling the forest floor.
Deidre rested against the wardrobe, arms crossed as she shook from cold but blue eyes riveted to him.
He never expected to see the blue sky again or the trees around the fortress, let alone sip sweet tea and nibble on berry scones.
A blue BMW crept up the drive and came to a stop in the yard.
He beamed, the blue eyes twinkling with pride.
I saw a blue truck up the road and I thought – maybe a hunter.
He had red hair and drove a blue truck – I think maybe an old Ford, but it might have been a Chevy.
The light green scrubs made his long features look sallow and the pale blue eyes that fixed on her seemed more tired than interested.
Carmen peeked out the window and saw the blue BMW.
He had blue eyes like Katie, and light colored hair.
Fluorescent lighting overhead morphed to an expansive blue sky and brilliant sunlight that made him squint.
By the time she reached the beach house, her face was Smurf blue and she was laboring under the weight of the treasures she'd found.
Her face was stiff and blue while her hair was hot pink.
Your face may be blue and your hair pink, but I don't see you doing anything messy, like taking a shotgun to the head.
He found a strange woman with pink hair and a blue face, sprawled on the beach, staring at the sky with a childlike fascination.
Her blue eyes lit up when she saw him.
Or paint her face blue, Gabriel added.
Blinded by sunlight and blue sky, she closed her eyes.
The woman beside him was blond, her eyes pale blue.
Hannah faced Deidre, cool blue eyes assessing.
Toby stood beside a plainly pregnant young woman with blue eyes and a tattoo across her neck that resembled the one on Deidre's back in color and otherworldly script.
She felt awful leaving him out of the blue, without saying farewell or thanking him.
Katie Young looked at the speedometer, which read thirty-seven when the blue lights flared up behind her, jarring her out of the pre-coffee morning stupor.
Some things never changed, like the blue sky, the sun orb, the grass and oceans.
Erik challenged, ice blue eyes falling to him.
one would know she didn't belong among the blue bloods in this crowd.
No blue blood like the Kingslys gave a damn about some small-town assistant GM at a fast food joint!
It stood and retrieved small blue pellets from its bed, offering them to her.
She set the blue water pills on her pillow and stretched back.
He was a lean man with gleaming silver- blue eyes, teeth filed into points, and an aura so cold she stepped away.
Dawn came slowly, followed by the brilliant blue sky of morning.
The doll with the large blue eyes crying on the bed bothered him on more levels than he wanted to admit.
In the distance, she saw the blue of an ocean meet the horizon.
The bedchamber was done up in pastels, soft rose drapes, light blue and green rugs, yellow pillows and highlights, which seemed to take the chill out of the stone walls.
At the effort he put in the difficult words, she looked up at him, her clear blue eyes vexed.
He didn.t have to ask what Sasha did to her when her pretty blue eyes flared with white rage and then filled with tears.
She appeared healthy, and her blue eyes were bright.
She couldn.t see the Sanctuary through her blurry eyes, just the blue of water and the tan sand beneath her hands.
Katie stood on her tiptoes and looked up, taking one last look at the blue sky before she held her breath and ducked beneath the water.
Romas was a towering example of male perfection: blond with golden skin and bright blue eyes, a chiseled face and buff body, and tall.
Kiera was yelling at it, her blue eyes large and wild.
She didn't see any glowing blue planets.
They have green grass, oceans, and blue sky just like us.
Brilliant sunlight blinded her after days of grey, and she blinked at the bright, familiar blue sky.
Relieved, she focused on the blue skies, yellow suns, and thick emerald grass that reminded her of pictures from a tour book of Ireland.
She saw a full range of eye colors, though she noticed with some interest that blue or green eyes were unnaturally clear-- unlike her Mediterranean, green-blue-grey gaze.
She took in their bright clothing, glad she thought to wear light blue today.
A blue planet, two thrones, a hacienda-style dwelling, an older man and woman, fire in the sky, a red planet, war.
The night was clear and cool, the sky a beautiful pageant of dark blue silk and brilliant stars, of streaking meteors and two glowing orbs.
She was delicate, with long hair as dark as the night sky and large eyes that turned from blue to green to grey.
Sparring lasted until the sky was clear of night's blue, at which point he took the sword from her.
She touched her bruised cheekbone and realized doing so exposed her black and blue arm.
She returned to the row house just as the sun began to burn off the mist and the blue sky appeared in the distance.
The Fred O'Connor charm extended beyond the blue haired set to children as well.
She wore those half-stockings that were supposed to be hidden by something far longer than what covered her pudgy legs, which were streaked with the stark blue of veins looking like a map of a very congested and curvy area.
"A blue one," she answered.
He was able to ski from the summit, but only on those slopes and trails designated blue or green, novice or intermediate.
At least that stuff seems to have improved your blue mood.
As he came out of the trees and crossed the bridge, he passed the sheriff 's car and emergency vehicles, their bubble gum lights still turning red or blue in the thickening snow.
It was a signature day in Ouray, better than the best of the area's finest painted or photographed images with the sky so blue, the pines so green and the snow so white, you couldn't paint truer colors with an art store's inventory.
The suicide note was written in blue ink.
The shopkeeper pulled out a dark blue Jay Kos and a grey Armani.
Jackson kissed her and looked out at the blue Jaguar.
Blue eyes sparkled like sapphires in her round face, and a dimple danced at the corner of her generous mouth.
Blue eyes flashed in a face staining quickly with red.
Three pair of blue eyes stared back at her from the first stall, and tiny pink cleft muzzles lifted in a cute imitation of their mother's broken cry of joy.
Your lips are blue and your teeth are chattering.
Her heart did a flip-flop as Alex came through the door, dressed in a blue western shirt and denim jeans.
Blue eyes were sharp and his handsome façade calm.
Sparks and blue fire erupted around the door until it glowed red.
Two well-armed guards stood outside the gate, flanking the slender fed in a blue medical uniform.
Brady snatched his computer fast enough to surprise the fed in blue and strode towards the gates.
Two more men in blue appeared, trailed by two in pale red leading a self-propelled gurney.
Guard dogs trotted forward to sniff him and his men while a doctor in a blue government jumpsuit approached them, eyes pinned to the injured man carried between two others.
Check him, Dan grunted as the waiting medic in blue approached.
The gray-haired man had an olive complexion and sharp blue eyes that swept over all of them.
The politician managed to make even his casual wear appear distinguished as he stood in the doorway with sparkling blue eyes.
His blue gaze swept over her, lingering on the blood-soaked clothing she wore.
He looked away, at the blue sky visible through the window.
Gabriel's gaze swept around the room again, and he looked out at the blue sky.  He'd never again visit this room or see the mortal world.  This much he knew the moment he chose to help Rhyn and Katie over his promise to Death.
He faced his dead mate.  Her blue eyes were large, and she looked tired.
Hannah looked to Kris, her blue eyes watering.
Hannah looked down at it then at him.  Her blue eyes had turned dark, and Kris shook the hair off his hands.  He tried to smile reassuringly.
Her eyes were a bright blue.
He had awakened a few moments before the usual time, ordinarily a good sign, but after rubbing open his eyes, he discovered it was a white day, hazy and sultry, without a speck of blue in the sky.
The late night storm had blown Wednesday's hazy whiteness east to New Jersey and the Atlantic beyond, leaving in its place a high pressure system, a sky painted deep blue and patched with just enough puffy clouds for contrast.
He assumed Cynthia Byrne was a few minutes late, but when he descended the stairs, there she sat, opposite Fred O'Connor, who was decked out in an elegant blue pinstripe suit complete with pocket handkerchief and bow tie.
Fred began to pick cat hairs from his blue suit.
Dean was within ten miles of Parkside before he noticed a blue Ford that had stayed behind him for an unusual length of time.
Cynthia asked out of the blue, somewhere between manhattan number one and number two.
She was dressed in a pair of light colored slacks, a pale blue blouse and was barefoot.
As Dean rounded the corner of Collingswood Avenue and pulled in his driveway, he noticed a light blue car pull away from the opposite curb.
Rose Tisdale first sighted the blue car circling the block and called Flora Watkins.
No blue car followed.
If Alfred Nota in his blue Ford was really interested in following Dean, why had the con taken off like a scared rabbit as soon as Dean showed up?
Nothing had been stolen and after yesterday's encounter with the blue Ford, all agreed they had a line on the prime suspects.
The blue Ford from the previous day had been located in Lansdale, Pennsylvania that morning.
Dean asked her about the motor home but she could give lit­tle information except to say it was boxy looking and blue...or white...or light colored.
His blue mood following the memorial service dissipated with the passing days and he remained in fair spirits.
The Parkside men in blue were noth­ing but a bunch of incompetent misfits who should all be fired, so continued the tirade.
Blue skies, spring breezes, little girls playing hopscotch on the sidewalk.
A big blue gun was pointing directly at Dean's mid section, out of sight of the others by the man's position.
Whatever beauty the day held was lost once he was behind the wheel, listening to a chorus of horns amid a blue haze of exhaust.
Some unfriendly lowlife put a bullet in each of his pretty blue eyes.
"The way I figure it," Fred said, "We look for a blue '89 pick­up with a Mallard camper on the back.
"No guarantee it's still blue," answered Dean, just to be argu­mentative.
The deep set blue eyes held a smile that belied his solemn expression.
She smiled, blue eyes twinkling above round flushed cheeks.
"You look so serious," Katie said, her large blue eyes searching Carmen's face.
She took extra care with her appearance, wearing a blue dress that somehow managed to bring out the violet in her eyes.
The old house sat quiet, the roof above her bedroom covered with a blue tarp.
The kaleidoscopic display of orange, yellow, deep blue and gray was both beautiful and ominous.
When he came home tonight, she had been wearing blue jeans and a short blouse.
The stock pond stared up at her coldly from the tawny pasture like a huge eye, the ice-covered edges surrounding a deep blue iris.
Both Tim and Jim had brown hair and blue eyes, but their personalities were as different as day and night — just like Katie and Alex.
She had inherited violet eyes from her mother, but what if the baby had blue eyes like Dad?
Large blue eyes gazed up at her compassionately.
He felt the familiar sense of desire rise just looking at her plump lips and bright blue eyes.
The boy looked to be around ten with blond hair and cold, steady blue eyes.
He said nothing, his blue eyes darting around their surroundings.
The little black one with blue eyes.
Low-key, contemporary furnishings in light wood colors and pale neutrals were mixed with splashes of color: the navy blue rug, lime couch pillows, cinnamon drapes, and yellow floorboards.
He leveled his blue gaze on her.
The former vamp's baleful look remained, but his eyes were blue, not red.
Her blue eyes flashed with familiar fire, fire that used to make his blood hot for her.
The kingdom perched on a cliff overlooking an ocean of velvet blue.
Her blue eyes went to him once, and he saw the look of infuriated accusation within them.
It was a detailed map, with the sea painted blue and the land border meticulously drawn.
Her gaze was fixed on him, something obviously going on behind eyes that couldn't decide whether they were green or blue.
Jonathan's blue eyes sparkled as he smiled with relief.
It looks so nice on that electric blue.
Beyond them mountain ranges faded into shades of blue in the humid air.
The pupils contracted in the sunlight, leaving large pools of blue iris.
Sam was a tall redhead with large blue eyes and a sprinkle of freckles over an upturned nose.
She showered and dressed in dusty blue slacks and a lacy tunic.
Pulling her hair into a pony tail, she secured it with a blue ribbon.
His one blue eye twinkled and the patch over the other served as a perpetual wink - which was fitting.
She glanced at the station as she passed, but the little blue mustang was gone.
Wherever the shiny little blue car had gone, it had nothing to do with her.
Megan immediately recognized the shiny blue mustang when it emerged from the brush that bordered the drive.
The forest floor was rocky, with occasional yellow flowers and some kind of ground cover with tiny blue flowers.
Disentangling a thorny bush from her jeans, she pushed on until she spotted a bush with dark blue berries.
Wasn't that where she had seen the tiny blue flowers?
The little blue car pulled up in her drive at exactly five and she didn't have her swimming suit on.
Xander pushed himself up, eyes on her blue lips and white skin.
He was a small man with eyes that were more purple than blue.
She was dressed much more normally than Ingrid in dark jeans and a simple, fitted blue t-shirt with bright coral nail polish.
Her blue eyes flared, and she stepped closer to him, until they were toe-to-toe.
Brown-haired, blue eyes, slightly hunched, angry.
She wore headgear and boxing gloves and faced off against a man with the chiseled features of a Greek god, blond hair and sharp blue eyes.
Her face was flushed, her blue eyes bright.
Several were in Southern California while two blue dots – the one in her cell phone and the other in a shoe – appeared on the map in Texas.
The blue dots in Texas disappeared, drawing his attention to the phone in his hand.
A blue basic salt is precipitated first, which, on boiling, rapidly changes to the rose-coloured hydroxide.
The soluble salts are, when in the hydrated condition, also red, but in the anhydrous condition are blue.
It is blue in colour and sublimes readily.
The hydrated salt forms rose-red prisms, readily soluble in water to a red solution, and in alcohol to a blue solution.
Cobalt salts may be readily detected by the formation of the black sulphide, in alkaline solution, and by the blue colour they produce when fused with borax.
- A great part of the bottom of the Mediterranean is covered with blue muds, frequently with a yellow upper layer containing a considerable proportion of carbonate of lime, chiefly shells of pelagic Foraminifera.
Their flowers range from white to rose-coloured, yellow and blue.
It is a matter of common observation that the blue of the sky is highly variable.
It is evident that the normal blue is more or less diluted with extraneous white light, having its origin in reflections from the grosser particles of foreign matter with which the air is usually charged.
As to the origin of the normal blue, very discrepant views have been held.
Some writers, even of good reputation, have held that the blue is the true body colour of the air, or of some ingredient in it such as ozone.
It is a sufficient answer to remark that on this theory the blue would reach its maximum development in the colour of the setting sun.
According to it, sky blue would be the blue of the first order in Newton's scale.
Briicke also brought forward an experiment of great importance, in which he showed that gum mastic, precipitated from an alcoholic solution poured into a large quantity of water, scatters light of a blue tint.
The light scattered from small particles is of a much richer blue than the blue of the first order as reflected from a very thin plate.
The general conclusion would appear to be that, while as seen from the earth's surface much of the light from the sky is due to comparatively gross suspended matter, yet an appreciable proportion is attributable to the molecules of air themselves, and that at high elevations where the blue is purer, the latter part may become predominant.
Ordinary observation of the landscape shows that there is another part, highly variable from day to day, and due to suspended matter, much of which is fine enough to scatter light of blue quality.
In order to render an 'account of Tyndall's "residual blue" it is necessary to pursue the approximation further, taking for simplicity the case of spherical shape.
After an interval the polarization begins to be incomplete in the perpendicular direction, the light which reaches the eye when the nicol is set to minimum transmission being of a beautiful blue, much richer than anything that can be seen in the earlier stages.
If we begin with a blue glass, we may observe the gradually increasing obliquity of the direction of maximum polarization; and then by exchanging the blue glass for a red one, we may revert to the original condition of things, and observe the transition from perpendicularity to obliquity over again.
The transition from blue to orange or red at sunset is usually through green, but exceptional conditions may easily disturb the normal state of things.
The colour and appearance differ in the two cases, red predominating in a positive, blue in a negative discharge.
In the medieval inventories are sometimes found albae, described as red, blue or black; which has led to the belief that albs were sometimes not only made of stuffs other than linen, but were coloured.
There are blast furnaces, iron foundries, engineering works, iron ship-building yards, extensive saw-mills, flour-mills and a manufactory of "blue and white" pottery.
Blue Town, the older part of the town, with the dockyard, is defended by strong modern-built fortifications, especially the forts of Garrison Point and Barton's Point, commanding the entrance of both the Thames and the Medway.
In the royal Siamese breed the head is rather long and pointed, the body also elongated with relatively slender limbs, the coat glossy and close, the eyes blue, and the general colour some shade of cream or pink, with the face, ears, feet, under-parts, and tail chocolate or seal-brown.
At four or five months they are lovely, as generally they retain their baby whiteness, which contrasts well with their almost black ears, deep-brown markings, and blue eyes."
The blue eyes -and the white coat of the kitten indicate that the Siamese breed is a semi-albino, which when adult tends towards melanism, such a combination of characters being apparently unknown in any other animal.
The mineral had, however, been earlier known as a blue powdery substance, called "blue ironearth," met with in peat-bogs, in bog iron-ore, or with fossil bones and shells.
As the tableland runs northward it decreases both in height and width, until it narrows to a few miles only, with an elevation of scarcely 1500 ft.; under the name of the Blue Mountains the plateau widens again and increases in altitude, the chief peaks being Mount Clarence(4000 ft.), Mount Victoria (3525 ft.), and Mount Hay (3270 ft.).
The Dividing Range decreases north of the Blue Mountains, until as a mere ridge it divides the waters of the coastal rivers from those flowing to the Darling.
The so-called red garnet, a pretty fish, with hues of carmine and blue stripes on its head, is much esteemed for the table.
They are drawn in red, blue and yellow.
from Sydney and about a like distance to the south and shut in to the west by the Blue Mountain range, forming a narrow strip not more than 50 m.
The Blue Mountains attain a height of between 3000 and 4000 ft.
Oxley now turned aside - led by Mr Evans's report of the country eastward - crossed the Arbuthnot range, and traversing the Liverpool Plains, and ascending the Peel and Cockburn rivers to the Blue Mountains, gained sight of the open sea, which he reached at Port Macquarie.
By means of bond labour roads and bridges were con structed, and a route opened into the interior beyond Rise of the Blue Mountains.
On the east coast peafowl are found, and throughout the interior the argus pheasant, the firebacked pheasant, the blue partridge, the adjutantbird, several kinds of heron and crane, duck, teal, cotton-teal, snipe, wood-pigeon, green-pigeon of several varieties, swifts, swallows pied-robins, hornbills, parakeets, fly-catchers, nightjars, and many other kinds of bird are met with frequently.
Prominent among a great variety of song-birds and insectivorous birds are the robin, blue bird, cat bird, sparrows, meadow-lark, bobolink, thrushes, chickadee, wrens, brown thrasher, gold finch, cedar wax-wing, flycatchers, nuthatches, flicker (golden-winged woodpecker), downy and hairy woodpeckers, rose-breasted grosbeak, Baltimore oriole, barnswallow, chimney swift, purple martin, purple finch (linnet), vireos and several species of warblers.
A few of the medicinal plants are ginseng, pleurisy root, snake root, blood root, blue flag and marshmallow.
At Rutland, Proctor and Dorset many darker shades are found, including "moss vein," olive green and various shades of blue, green, yellow and pink, which are used for ornamental purposes.
The country is rolling and hilly, the Blue Hills (with the exception of a part included in Braintree in 1712 and now in Quincy) lying in Milton.
On Great Blue Hill, the highest (635 ft.
There are two granite quarries in the township immediately north-west of the Blue Hills; the granite is of the "dark Quincy" variety-dark bluish grey in colour-and is used chiefly for monuments.
In 1712 the Blue Hill lands were divided between Milton and Braintree, and in 1868 part of Milton was included in the new township of Hyde Park.
The terrigenous deposits consist of blue muds, red muds (abundant along the coast of Brazil, where the amount of organic matter present is insufficient to reduce the iron in the matter brought down by the great rivers to produce blue muds), green muds and sands, and volcanic and coral detritus.
Since the pacification of the Sudan by the British (1886-1889) there has been some revival of trade between Gondar and the regions of the Blue Nile.
This coloring matter, as shown by its absorption spectrum, picks out of the ordinary beam of light a large proportion of its red and blue rays, together with some of the green and yellow.
blue or other amline dyes.
Fathers Mendez and Lobo traversed the deserts between the coast of the Red sea and the mountains, became acquainted with Lake Tsana, and discovered the sources of the Blue Nile in 1624-1633.
work was the tracing of the Blue Nile from its source to its junction with the White Nile.
The chief towns are on the banks of the Blue Nile.
The capital of Aloa, which appears to have been at one time a powerful Christian state, was at Soba on .the Blue Nile.
The most noteworthy, however, of the earlier travellers was James Bruce, the explorer of the Blue Nile.
To this list should be added the names of those who, like Sir Samuel Baker, explored the Blue Nile.
In its vivid blue colour it contrasts strikingly with the emerald-green malachite, also a basic copper carbonate, but containing rather more water and less carbon dioxide.
The streak is blue, but lighter than the colour of the mineral in mass.
The Cambrian is represented by blue clays, ungulite sandstones and bituminous slates in Esthonia and St Petersburg.
He had blue or grey eyes, and fair hair and beard, which turned white through the hardships he endured in Japan.
The American hornbeam, blue or water beech, is Carpinus americana (also known as C. caroliniana); the common hophornbeam, a native of the south of Europe, is a member of a closely allied genus, Ostrya vulgaris, the allied American species, 0.
Mr English, one of his secretaries, has furnished a picture of him at this period seated in a study lined on two sides with books and darkened by green screens and curtains of blue muslin, which required readjustment with almost every cloud that passed across the sky.
Few crowded neighbourhoods are visible, and the characteristic features of the scene which meets the eye are the upturned roofs of temples, palaces, and mansions, gay with blue, green and yellow glazed tiles, glittering among the groves of trees with which the city abounds.
Nazario e Celso), a small structure in the form of a Latin cross with a dome (in which, as in the baptistery of Neon, the old cathedral, &c., the constructional use of amphorae is noteworthy), with a plain brick exterior, and rich mosaics on a dark blue ground within.
long, with water of the deepest blue and a margin of bright yellow sand.
The expression has meanwhile changed: the face is pale or livid; there are dark rings under the eyes; the features are pinched and sharp, and the whole skin shrunken; the fingers are dead white, the nails blue.
high, with hills rising to 600 ft.; their sides are generally steep. The surface is covered with a rich mould unusual in coral islands, mixed towards the sea with sand, and having a substratum of red or blue clay.
Here was what seems to have been the basement of a very large hall or " Megaron," approached directly from the central court, and near this were found further reliefs, fresco representations of scenes of the bull-ring with female as well as male toreadors, and remains of a magnificent gaming-board of gold-plated ivory with intarsia work of crystal plaques set on silver plates and blue enamel (cyanus).
Overlying the Tuscaloosa are the Eutaw sands, characterized by sandy laminated clays, and yellow, orange, red and blue sands, containing lignite and fossil resin.
Westward to Houston and southward to about 32° 48' on the Alabama boundary and occupying a much larger area than the other Cretaceous formations, is the Selma chalk, called "Rotten Limestone" by Hilgard; it is made up of a material of great uniformity, - a soft chalky rock, white or pale blue, composed chiefly of tenacious clay, and white carbonate of lime in minute crystals.
deep. It is characterized by semi-crystalline limestones and blue and white sandy marls.
The Piedmont Plateau Region extends from this line to the Blue Ridge Escarpment, toward which its mean elevation increases at the rate of about 32 ft.
face of the Blue Ridge Escarpment, which rises precipitously1200-1500ft.
Four peaks along the Blue Ridge have an elevation exceeding 5000 ft.
from the Blue Ridge through Yancey County.
slope of the Blue Ridge is almost imperceptible, or confused with the numerous mountain slopes that rise above it.
The Blue Ridge is the principal water parting of the state.
slope of the Blue Ridge rise the Broad, the Catawba and the Yadkin, which flow for some distance a little N.
Large numbers of shad, blue fish, weak fish (squeteague), alewives, Spanish mackerel, perch, bass, croakers (Micropogon undulatus), mullet, menhaden, oysters and clams are caught in the sounds, in the lower courses of the rivers flowing into them, or in the neighbouring waters of the sea.
Besides the aphids, other insects, such as scale insects (Coccidae), caterpillars of blue butterflies (Lycaenidae), and numerous beetles, furnish the ants with nutrient secretions.
The famous Blue Grotto, the most celebrated of the many caves in the rocky shores of the island, was known in Roman times, but lost until 1826, when it was rediscovered.
Another beautiful grotto has green instead of blue refractions; the effect in both cases is due to the light entering by a small entrance.
The Blue Grotto is in the Tithonian limestones; it shows indications of recent changes of level.
The Xanthochroi have fair skins, blue eyes and light hair; and others have dark skins, eyes and hair, and are of a slighter frame.
Blue eyes in Eleanor's modern portrait come from a contemporary writer's description.
It is usually a pale, thick-bedded rock, sometimes blue and occasionally, as at Ashford, black.
A peculiar variety of the last named, called "Blue John," is found only near Castleton; at the same place occurs the remarkable elastic bitumen, "elaterite."
A trench was dug in the soft upper mud until the stratum of stiff blue clay was reached.
Some of the best sandstone in the United States is obtained from Cuyahoga and Lorain counties; it is exceptionally pure in texture (about 97% being pure silica), durable and evenly coloured light buff, grey or blue grey.
It embraces over 10,000 acres, including the Blue Hill reservation (about 5000 acres), the highest land in eastern Massachusetts, a beautiful reservation of forest, crag and pond known as Middlesex Fells, two large beach bath reservations on the harbour at Revere and Hull (Nantasket), and the boating section of the Charles river.
They are coated internally with glue, and painted in the well-known colours, blue staves and white heads.
Silver Spring and Blue Spring in Marion county, Blue Spring and Orange City Mineral Spring in Volusia county, Chipola Spring near Marianna in Jackson county, Espiritu Santo Spring near Tampa in Hillsboro county, Magnolia Springs in Clay county, Suwanee Springs in Suwanee county, White Sulphur Springs in Hamilton county, the Wekiva Springs in Orange county, and Wakulla Spring, Newport Sulphur Spring and Panacea Mineral Spring in Wakulla county are the most noteworthy.
Now, however, the mottled soaps, blue and grey, are produced by working colouring matter, ultramarine for blue, and manganese dioxide for grey, into the soap in the frame, and mottling is very far from being a certificate of excellence of quality.
It burns with a pale blue flame to form carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide.
Its solution in concentrated sulphuric acid is of a yellow colour and shows a marked blue fluorescence.
Boyle recognized many reagents which gave precipitates with certain solutions: he detected sulphuric and hydrochloric acids by the white precipitates formed with calcium chloride and silver nitrate respectively; ammonia by the white cloud formed with the vapours of nitric or hydrochloric acids; and copper by the deep blue solution formed by a solution of ammonia.
If the bead is coloured we may have present: cobalt, blue to violet; copper, green, blue on cooling; in the reducing flame, red when cold; chromium, green, unaltered in the reducing flame; iron, brownish-red, light-yellow or colourless on cooling; in the reducing flame, red while hot, yellow on cooling, greenish when cold; nickel, reddish to brownish-red, yellow to reddish-yellow or colourless on cooling, unaltered in the reducing flame; bismuth, yellowish-brown, light-yellow or colourless on cooling; in the reducing flame, almost colourless, blackish-grey when cold; silver, light yellowish to opal, somewhat opaque when cold; whitish-grey in the reducing flame; manganese, amethyst red, colourless in the reducing flame.
To the filtrate add ammonia in excess: a white precipitate indicates bismuth; if the solution be blue, copper is present.
In the second group, we may notice the application of litmus, methyl orange or phenolphthalein in alkalimetry, when the acid or alkaline character of the solution commands the colour which it exhibits; starch paste, which forms a blue compound with free iodine in iodometry; potassium chromate, which forms red silver chromate after all the hydrochloric acid is precipitated in solutions of chlorides; and in the estimation of ferric compounds by potassium bichromate, the indicator, potassium ferricyanide, is placed in drops on a porcelain plate, and the end of the reaction is shown by the absence of a blue coloration when a drop of the test solution is brought into contact with it.
A blue coloration indicates nitrogen, and is due to the formation of potassium (or sodium) cyanide during the fusion, and subsequent interaction with the iron salts.
We may here notice an empirical rule formulated by Nietzski in 1879: - the simplest colouring substances are in the greenish-yellow and yellow, and with increasing molecular weight the colour passes into orange, red, violet, blue and green.
The eyes in both cases were inlaid, those of the lions with red jasper, white shell and blue schist: this imitation of the eyes in stone as well as metal figures was a feature common to both arts, which were at this time assuredly not without direct or indirect connexion.
The waters of Rotoma are of a particularly vivid blue.
A second and larger species is the brindled gnu or blue wildebeest (C. taurinus or Catoblepas gorgon), also known by the Bechuana name kokon or kokoon; and there are several East African forms more or less closely related to the latter which have received distinct names.
ULTRAMARINE, a blue pigment, consisting essentially of a double silicate of aluminium and sodium with some sulphides or sulphates, and occurring in nature as a proximate component of lapis lazuli.
As early at least as the ith century the art of extracting a blue pigment from lapis lazuli was practised, and from the beginning of the 16th century this pigment began to be imported into Europe from "over the sea," as azurrum ultramarinum.
In 1814 Tassaert observed the spontaneous formation of a blue compound, very similar to ultramarine, if not identical with it, in a soda-furnace at St Gobain, which caused the Societe pour l'Encouragement d'Industrie to offer, in 1824, a prize for the artificial production of the precious colour.
The sulphur fires, and a fine blue pigment is obtained.
A blue product is obtained at once, but a red tinge often results.
The different ultramarines - green, blue, red and violet - are finely ground and washed with water.
Artificial, like natural, ultramarine has a magnificent blue colour, which is not affected by light nor by contact with oil or lime as used in painting.
By treating blue ultramarine with silver nitrate solution, "silverultramarine" is obtained as a yellow powder.
This compound gives a blue potassiumand lithium-ultramarine when treated with the corresponding chloride, and an ethyl-ultramarine when treated with ethyl icdide.
A blue breed has been recently introduced.
C. von Sonklar, in his map of the Hohe Tauern (r: 144,000; 1864) coloured plains and valleys green; mountain slopes in five shades of brown; glaciers blue or white.
green to brown, in ascending order for the land; blue, indigo and violet for the sea, increasing in intensity with the height or the depth.
At the present time compilers of strata maps generally limit themselves to two or three colours, in various shades, with green for the lowlands, brown for the hills and blue for the sea.
blue for the sea, green for lowlands up to 300 metres, yellow between 300 and Soo metres, brown up to 2000 metres, and reddish tints beyond that height.
They are printed in three colours, contours at intervals of 10 and 20 metres being in brown, incidental features (ravines, cliffs, glaciers) in black or blue.
At the same time there is often a change in colour in the flowers, which are red in bud, becoming blue as they expand, as in Myosotis, Echium, Symphytum and others.
A ceremonial " tobe " of red, white and blue, each colour in two shades, with a narrow fringe of light yellow, is sometimes worn.
The eggs, often six in number, are of a very pale blue marked with reddish or purplish brown.
of Yell and separated from it by Blue mull Sound, is 12 m.
The Organ Mountains contain a hard blue limestone; and sandstones occur on the N.
A dark blue liquid is produced, and the first portions of gas boiling off from the mixture correspond fairly closely in composition with nitrogen trioxide.
The liquid prepared by Baker is green in colour, and has a specific gravity III at ordinary temperature, but below -2° C. becomes of a deep indigo blue colour.
It forms a mass of deep blue crystals at the temperature of liquid air.
It may be recognized by the blue colour it gives with diphenylamine sulphate and by its reaction with potassium iodide-starch paper.
See also Blue Book, journals, &c., (Nares) Expedition, 1875-1876 (London, 1877).
Blue Sark or blue shirt) of the old Norsemen, their first landmark on their way from Iceland to the ester Bygd, the present Julianehaab district, on the south-west coast of Greenland.
Valuable fur is obtained from the white and blue fox, the skin of the eider-duck and the polar bear.
A few years later (1694) Le Sueur, who had as early as 1684 engaged in trade along the upper Mississippi, established a trading post on Isle Pelee (Prairie Island) in the Mississippi between Hastings and Red Wing, and in 1700 he built Fort L'Huillier at the confluence of the Blue Earth and the Le Sueur rivers.
For many years after Tamikichis processes had begun to be practised, the only decoration employed was blue under the glaze.
At Arita, although pieces were occasionally turned out of which the color could not be surpassed in purity and brilliancy, the general character of the blue sous couverte was either thin or dull.
The Hirado blue, therefore, belongs to a special aesthetic category.
From this period date most of the specimens best known outside Japan cleverly modelled figures of mythological beings and animals covered with lustrous variegated glazes, the general colors being grey or buff, with tints of green, chocolate, brown and sometimes blue.
In the eyes of a Chinese connoisseur, no blue-and-white porcelain worthy of consideration exists, or ever has existed, except the kai-pien-yao, with its imponderable pdle, its wax-like surface, and its rich, glowing blue, entirely free from superficiality or garishness and broken into a thousand tints by the microscopic crackle of the glaze.
Okamuia Yasutaro, commonly called Shozan, produces specimens which only a very acute connoisseur can distinguish from the work of Nomura Ninsei; Tanzan Rokuros half-tint enamels and soft creamy glazes would have stood high in any epoch; Taizan YOhei produces Awata faience not inferior to that of former days; Kagiya SObei worthily supports the reputation of the KinkOzan ware; Kawamoto Eijiro has made to the order of a well-known KiOto firm many specimens now figuring in foreign collections as old masterpieces; and ItO TOzan succeeds in decorating faience with seven colors sons couverte (black, green, blue, russetred, tea-brown, purple and peach), a feat never before accomplished.
From this judgment must be excepted, however, his ivory-white and cladon wares, as well as his porcelains decorated with blue, or blue and red sous couverte, and with vitrifiable enamels over the glaze.
refer to the use of blue and red sous couverte.
Rare specimens were produced in Satsuma and KiOto, the color employed being chiefly blue, though brown and black were used in very exceptional instantes.
Before dismissing the subject of modern TOkyO ceramics, it may be added that KatO TomatarO, mentioned above in connection with the manufacture of special glazes, has also been very successful in producing porcelains decorated with blue sous couverte at his factory in the Koishikawa suburb.
In other respects the Hirado factories do not produce wares nearly so beautiful as those manufactured there between 1759 and 1840, when the Hirado-yakz stood at the head of all Japanese porcelain on account of its pure, close-grained pate, its lustrous milk-white glaze, and the soft clear blue of its carefully executed decoration.
At the industrial exhibition in RiOto Ware ~, (1895) the first results of their efforts were shown, Owari attracting attention at once, In medieval times Owari was celebrated for faience glazes of various colors, much affected by the tea-clubs, but its staple manufacture from the beginning of the 19th century was porcelain decorated with blue under the glaze, the best specimens of which did not approach their Chinese prototypes in fineness of pdte, purity of glaze or richness of color.
Their great aim seems to be the production of the exquisite Chinese monochromes known as u-kwo-tien-tsing (blue of the sky after rain) and yueh-peh (clair-detune).
But they also devote much attention to porcelains decorated with blue or red sous couverte.
Its buff and blue cover was adopted from the colours of the Whig party whose political principles it advocated.
See " Periodical Literature in India," in Dark Blue (1872-1873).
Paez, who is said to have been the first European to visit the source of the Blue Nile, died of fever in 1622.
Baker City lies in the valley of Powder river, at the base of the Blue Mountains, and has an elevation of about 3440 ft.
Of the general characters of acids we may here notice that they dissolve alkaline substances, certain metals, &c., neutralize alkalies and redden many blue and violet vegetable colouring matters.
Their language is merely a corrupt form of that spoken around them; but a Teutonic origin seems to be indicated by their fair complexions and blue eyes.
It readily inflames, burning with a blue smokeless flame, and producing water and carbon dioxide, with the evolution of great.
at the grave of the chiefs) applied to the district (see Blue Book C. 5143).
Kriiss; the brightest lines are 6277, 59 60, 5955 and 5836 in the orange and yellow, and 5230 and 4792 in the green and blue.
" Blue gold " is stated to contain 75% of gold and 25% of iron.
At this period he also assumes a bridal dress, painted with blue and red tints.
Oxidizing agents (ferric chloride, &c.) give a blue precipitate with solutions of its salts.
The stuccoed walls were striped horizontally and vertically with red on a blue field, on which appear fishes swimming.
While the colours on the metopes and triglyphs had faded somewhat, the border above them, topped with a cornice projecting 6 in., retained a most brilliant maeander pattern of red, blue and yellow, while below these were two bands of godroons of blue and red.
The Maltese Islands consist largely of Tertiary Limestone, with somewhat variable beds of Crystalline Sandstone, Greensand and Marl or Blue Clay.
east of the Great Fault (already mentioned) the beds are more regular, comprising, in descending order, (a) Upper Coralline Limestone; (b) Yellow, Black or Greensand; (c) Marl or Blue Clay; (d) White, Grey and Pale Yellow Sandstone; (e) Chocolate-coloured nodules with shells, &c. (f) Yellow Sandstone; (g) Lower Crystalline Limestone.
The Blue Clay forms, at the higher levels, a stratum impervious to water, and holds up the rainfall, which soaks through the spongy mass of the superimposed coralline formations.
Of birds very few are indigenous; the jackdaw, blue solitary thrush, spectacled warbler, the robin, kestrel and the herring-gull.
high occupy both extremities of the peninsula, the picturesque city, with its flat-roofed houses painted blue, green and red, lying in the undulating ground between.
In the last case it becomes coated with a greyish-black layer of an oxide (dioxide (?)), at a red heat the layer consists of the trioxide (B1203), and is yellow or green in the case of pure bismuth, and violet or blue if impure; at a bright red heat it burns with a bluish flame to the trioxide.
The despised Herati Tajik, in blue shirt and skull-cap, and with no instrument better than a three-cornered spade, is as skilled an agriculturist as is the Ghilzai engineer, but he cannot effect more than the limits of his water-supply will permit.
(For the habits of these insects see Wasp.) The Chrysididae or ruby wasps are small insects with a very hard cuticle exhibiting brilliant metallic colours - blue, green and crimson.
part of the Blue Grass region of the state, about 18 m.
One of its companies carried a number of gamecocks said to have been the brood of a blue hen; hence the soldiers, and later the people of the state, have been popularly known as the " Blue Hen's Chickens."
He spliced together all the sounding-lines on board, rightly said that since the days of Columbus and Magellan no and with a weight of 1501b attached he found bottom in 683 such revelation regarding the surface of our planet had been fathoms and secured a sample of fine soft blue mud.
Captain Phipps in 1773 secured samples of soft blue clay in this manner from a depth of 683 fathoms, but as a rule when sounding in great depths the sample is washed off the tallow before it can be brought on board.
Blue mud, according to Murray and Renard, is usually of a blue or slaty or grey-green colour when fresh, the upper surface having, however, a reddish tint.
The blue colouring substance is ferrous sulphide, the upper reddish layer contains more ferric oxide, which the predominance of decomposing organic matter in the substance of the mud reduces to ferrous oxide and subsequently by further action to sulphide.
Blue mud prevails in large areas of the Pacific Ocean from the Galapagos Islands to Acapulco.
Max Weber states that blue mud occurs in the deep basins of the eastern part of the Malay Sea.
Red mud may be classed as a variety of blue mud, from which it differs on account of the larger proportion of ochreous substance and the absence of sufficient organic matter to reduce the whole of the ferric oxide.
Green mud differs to a greater extent from the blue mud, and owes its characteristic nature and colour to the presence of glauconite, which is formed inside the cases of foraminifera, the spines of echini and the spicules of sponges in a manner not yet understood.
When the proportion of calcium carbonate in the blue mud is considerable there results a calcareous ooze, which when found on the continental slope and in enclosed seas is largely composed of remains of deep-sea corals and bottom-living foraminif era, pelagic organisms including pteropods being less frequently represented.
The bottom of the Black Sea is covered by a stiff blue mud in which Sir John Murray found much sulphide of iron,' grains or needles of pyrites making up nearly 50% of the deposit, and there are also grains of amorphous calcium carbonate evidently precipitated from the water.
The formation of the blue mud is largely aided by the putrefaction of organic matter, and as a result the water deeper than 120 fathoms is extraordinarily deficient in dissolved oxygen and abounds in sulphuretted hydrogen, the formation of which is brought about by a special bacterium, the only form of life found at depths greater than 120 fathoms in the Black Sea.
The colour of ocean water far from land is an almost pure blue, and all the variations of tint towards green are the result of local disturbances, the usual cause being turbidity of some kind, and this in the high seas is almost always due to swarms of plankton.
The colour of sea-water as it is seen on board ship is most readily determined by comparison with the tints of Forel's xanthometer or colour scale, which consists of a series of glass tubes fixed like the rungs of a ladder in a frame and filled with a mixture of blue and yellow liquids in varying proportions.
For this purpose the zero or pure blue is represented by a solution of i part of copper sulphate and 9 parts of ammonia in 190 parts of water.
The yellow solution is made up of i part of neutral potassium chromate in 199 parts of water, and to give the various degrees of the scale, 1, 2, 3, 4, &c.,% of the yellow solution is mixed with 99, 9 8, 97, 96, &c.,% of the blue in successive tubes.
Observations with the xanthometer have not hitherto been numerous, but it appears that the purest blue (o--I on Forel's scale) is found in the Sargasso Sea, in the North Atlantic and in similarly situated tropical or subtropical regions in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
The northern seas have an increasing tendency towards green, the Irminger Sea showing 5-9 Forel, while in the North Sea the water is usually a pure green (io-14 Forel), the western Mediterranean shows 5-9 Forel, but the eastern is as blue as the open ocean (0-2 Forel).
A pure blue colour has been observed in the cold southern region, where the " Valdivia " found o-2 Forel in 55° S.
between 10 and 31° E., and even the water of the North Sea has been observed at times to be intensely blue.
The blue of the sea-water as observed by the Forel scale has of course nothing to do with the blue appearance of any distant water surface due to the reflection of a cloudless sky.
There is a distinct relationship between colour and transparency in the ocean; the most transparent water which is the most free from plankton is always the purest blue, while an increasing turbidity is usually associated with an increasing tint of green.
The natural colour of pure sea-water is blue, and this is emphasized in deep and very clear water, which appears almost black to the eye.
When a quantity of a fine white powder is thrown in, the light reflected by the white particles as they sink assumes an intense blue colour, and the experiments of J.
Brown or even blood-red stripes have been observed in the North Atlantic when swarms of the copepod Calanus finmarchicus were present; the brown alga Trichodesmium erythraeum, as its name suggests, can change the blue of the tropical seas to red; swarms of diatoms may produce olive-green patches in the ocean, while some other forms of minute life have at times been observed to give the colour of milk to large stretches of the ocean surface.
Fire-damp when mixed with from four to twelve times its volume of atmospheric air is explosive; but when the proportion is above or below these limits it burns quietly with a pale blue flame.
caestus, sky-blue, from two bright blue lines of its spectrum.
blue lines (of wave length 4555 and 4593) in their flame spectrum, but these are not present in the spark spectrum.
The " Blue " brigadeGustavus's infantry wore distinctive colours - overran the Rdcken ' 'Battle Of Lutzen November 16th., 1632  :60,000 I German Armym Swedish Army battery of heavy guns, and the " Swedish " 1 and " Yellow " brigades engaged the left face of the Imperialist lozenge with success.
Of the ancient town gates the Bar or North Gate, South Gate, West Gate, and Blue Anchor Gate remain.
The colours range from deep black to pure white, passing through chestnut or bay, and many tints of brown or ashy-grey, while often the feathers are more or less closely barred with some darker shade, and the black is very frequently glossed with violet, blue or green - or, in addition, spangled with white grey or gold-colour.
The Blue Hills in Milton are the nearest elevations to the coast, and are conspicuous to navigators approaching Boston.
Monadnock (in New Hampshire, nearN.E.Massachusetts), the Blue Hills near Boston, Greylock, in the north-west, and Wachusett in the centre, are the most commanding remnant-summits (known generically as " Monadnocks ") of the original mountain system.