A large green book caught her attention.
Are you sure his name is Green; not Greely?
You even touched it, maybe saw little green men.
The very next day they came in sight of a little green island.
The two women adjourned to the front porch to cut green beans and shuck corn.
He took the children far away to a green valley where his flocks were feeding.
Wildlife hid behind that wall of green, but it was too late in the day for them to be hopping out on the road.
Maybe it was the fact that he never smiled, or the loneliness in those green eyes.
His pupils were contracted by the bright sunlight and his light green eyes contrasted sharply with his bronze tan.
Their eyes met for a moment... piercing blue eyes meeting startled green eyes in a battle of nerve.
I passed the golf course, as green as an Irish post card and envied the couple strolling down the fairway.
Following his gaze, Cynthia saw the little green Ford coming up the drive.
When the steaks were grilled and the corn and green beans boiled, the table was leaden with food, enough for a small army.
"Oh, you must mean Mr. Green, in the Pace Arrow," the woman said.
Nope. Lou Green, from Palo Alto, California.
It was called "Ivy Green" because the house and the surrounding trees and fences were covered with beautiful English ivy.
She tossed it into the fire, marveling at the tiny explosion of pink and green flames.
They saw a mass of tough green vines all matted together and writhing and twisting around like a nest of great snakes.
Many very handsome houses and large soft green lawns around them and trees and bright flowers and fountains.
Destiny helped her with planting the green bean seeds.
Range after range of mountains began with a mixture of sharp green that gradually faded until the last range was wrapped in the haze of distance.
His green gaze switched from her to Dustin, never blinking.
His clothing fitted his form snugly and was gorgeously colored in brilliant shades of green, which varied as the sunbeams touched them but was not wholly influenced by the solar rays.
The room was dark except for the light above Jonny's bed and the red and green lights dotting the machines keeping him alive.
He faced the small man with glowing green eyes.
He drove these to the pastures on the hills and watched them day after day while they fed on the short green grass.
When they called for the vessels again, I was green enough to return what bread I had left; but my comrade seized it, and said that I should lay that up for lunch or dinner.
Carmen and Destiny dressed mother/daughter style in red/green/yellow plaid blouses and hunter green jeans.
The light was green and she accelerated across the intersection.
A Hispanic woman in green pajamas took my arm and I was led to a small cubicle.
She turned, her body tense and her large green eyes swimming with fear and dread.
There were three sets of numbers written in green ink on his palm.
It was delightful to lose ourselves in the green hollows of that tangled wood in the late afternoon, and to smell the cool, delicious odours that came up from the earth at the close of day.
We sailed on the Hudson River and wandered about on its green banks, of which Bryant loved to sing.
As soon as my examinations were over, Miss Sullivan and I hastened to this green nook, where we have a little cottage on one of the three lakes for which Wrentham is famous.
Yes, really everything is green already....
The green gems were caught in some sort of invisible current that ended when it reached the bank.
His green eyes were distant.
Sofia darted off the table, staring at him as he entered, trailed by Two and the man with green eyes.
Jellia at once departed on the errand, and she was gone so long that they had almost forgotten her mission when the green robed maiden returned with a troubled face.
You could have the libertarian state, the green state, the clothing-optional state, the state with free public housing for all, the state where puns are outlawed, the state with a two-drink minimum, the fiercely pro-business state—even a state that guarantees free speech but requires that you sing your speech like a show tune.
But during the first nineteen months of my life I had caught glimpses of broad, green fields, a luminous sky, trees and flowers which the darkness that followed could not wholly blot out.
Think, also, of the ladies of the land weaving toilet cushions against the last day, not to betray too green an interest in their fates!
The sea, however, is said to be blue one day and green another without any perceptible change in the atmosphere.
His hands were symmetrically placed on the green silk quilt, the palms downward.
Only now in the stillness of the night, reading it by the faint light under the green shade, did he grasp its meaning for a moment.
On seeing the young master, the elder one with frightened look clutched her younger companion by the hand and hid with her behind a birch tree, not stopping to pick up some green plums they had dropped.
Almond-shaped green eyes were large and expressive while her skin was touched with honey.
The woman moved behind him, her confused green eyes on Jule.
Her cheeks were streaked with tears, her green eyes showing her torment and her magic like a halo around her.
She began to sweat before reaching the door leading from the patio to the green blur that was the gardens over which the patio overlooked.
She couldn't make out what was in the garden, but she heard the sounds of fountains and saw the dark green blur of a forest in the distance.
Two people were all he knew with certainty: Sofia and the Watcher with his forest green eyes.
Within less than two minutes, Billy saw Mary Green whispering, and she had to take his place.
Very soon the green, pointed buds showed signs of opening.
Guessing the compass only worked in the mortal world, Gabe emplaced it around his neck before picking up the green emerald – the form a soul took after death – and peering at it.
He stopped beside her, gaze on the lake that glowed green in the quiet night.
He turned to see the small man with bright green eyes that glowed in the moonlight.
Who hasn't sat at a stop light and been so distracted by something else that they didn't notice the light was green?
Protected from the harsh winter storms, the valley was already lush and green.
She looked Deidre up and down with assessing green eyes.
In it was a green soul, glowing faintly like an emerald under a jeweler's lamp.
Sprinkled in the assortment of oldies were a few exceptions—two couples both named Dawkins, and Pumpkin Green, a young man taking a break from his cross country hike to California in support of the homeless, or so he claimed.
And before you ask, she's got her green card.
The rocking chairs were back, four in a row, red, green, yellow, and purple, adding a blaze of color against the century-old white building of Bird Song.
It was Pumpkin Green's third day since arriving with an overladen shopping cart he insisted on lugging to his second floor room.
He had a green thing of cigarettes.
"He's been busy shooting hoops with Pumpkin Green," Dean said.
Pumpkin Green returned while Dean was killing the few minutes before he left.
Dean was in front of Bird Song, trying to mow the lawn, still blanketed with the moisture of the now-ended drizzle when he remembered his promise to pick up Pumpkin Green and whoever else needed chauffeuring from the pool.
After leaving the church, amid handshakes and greetings from town friends, the couple was surprised to meet Pumpkin Green.
All the peaks remained snow-capped, giving sharply defined contrast to the green of their slopes and the blue of the summer sky.
Dean and his wife joined the group, followed by Brandon Westlake, Pumpkin Green, and a newly arrived Midwesterner named Hank.
Even Pumpkin Green, the trekking philosopher, tossed in his two cents.
Monday was transition day at Bird Song, with the arrival of six new guests to fill three vacated rooms, with only the four Dawkins, Brandon Westlake, and Pumpkin Green staying on.
Most of the guests seemed content in the parlor, listening to Pumpkin Green ramble away about his upcoming Fourth of July water fight.
His replacement early morning audience consisted of two old ladies from Indiana who'd just checked in, Pumpkin Green, and Paulette Dawkins.
Dean bumped into Pumpkin Green, who was leaving, a black cape and tuxedo over his arm.
Pumpkin Green would have known about the bones.
He kept an eye out for Billy Langstrom, whom he still hoped to talk to, but he spotted neither him nor Pumpkin Green in the crowd.
Westlake practically camps on it and even Pumpkin Green's has gotten in on the act, Dean said.
In addition to the four Dawkins, there was Pumpkin Green, the grocery cart vagabond, and old Brandon Westlake, camera buff supreme.
"What do we know about Westlake and Pumpkin Green, for instance?" he asked.
While sleep was only partially suspended and Dean's fantasy returned, morning brought the news that the noise had been real—Pumpkin Green had left in the night, bumping his shopping cart down the stairs to a clandestine exit.
While Pumpkin Green was not at this week's mass, or probably any other service within miles of Ouray, Billy Langstrom's partner in love Melissa attended.
When the old man tried to engage him in further conversation—this time about Pumpkin Green and the general irresponsibility of today's youth—he excused himself on an important errand and left Westlake standing in the hall.
Reminded of Pumpkin Green, he wondered where the young hiker had spent the cool night.
"Pumpkin Green," Dean said.
"Pumpkin Green was a fan of heavy metal music," Cynthia offered.
The trio had pretty much dismissed Pumpkin Green's involvement in spite of his connection with the play.
Pumpkin Green strolled into the inn, arm in arm with Billy Langstrom's female friend, Melissa.
It was a green tin, with a red spot on it.
They came in a flat green tin—fifty of 'em. That's how they got the name.
There was a note on the hall table from Cynthia that she and Martha had accepted Brandon Westlake's invitation to catch the late afternoon sun and photograph wildflowers, and Pumpkin Green has stopped by, looking for Dean.
"Want to see what a Lucky Strike Green Flat Fifty tin looks like?" he asked.
World class vistas, trickling silver rivers of high snow melt-off, sky as blue as a queen's velvet robe, and the green and grey of forest and rock towering in every direction—all went unseen.
Pumpkin Green was seen about town, always in the company of ever-expanding Melissa, whom he seemed to adore.
"Brandon seemed really close to his brother Ralph," she said as she snapped the fresh green beans.
Gabriel's attention was caught on a faint green glow on a table in the middle of the stacks of dead bodies.
The glowing green gems on the bottom were souls the demons had extracted.
Deidre gazed around her, eyes settling on the green glow, visible through the French doors.
Gabriel called the soul to him silently and watched the green fog form around his hand before it crystallized into an emerald.
Her eyes went to the green glow of souls again.
The needles were long and soft, their vibrant green coloring leaving her breathless.
She pushed the door closed and stood, shivering, and gazed at the green glow visible even during daylight.
They were green, glowing and healthy.
"There are so many," she murmured, dismayed by the green glow over the lake.
Harmony was tall and willowy with red hair and green eyes.
The light green scrubs made his long features look sallow and the pale blue eyes that fixed on her seemed more tired than interested.
I'm just … waiting for the green light.
Green smoke swirled from the man's ears and mouth, forming a fog around Gabe's hand before crystallizing into a small emerald.
The green fog appeared at his words.
He watched the green gem form in his palm and rose.
He glanced at Harmony, whose green gaze was on the ocean.
The green gems reflected the sunshine, shimmering through the clear water.
They led onto a balcony, but it was the eerie green glow beyond that caught her attention.
"What is it?" she asked, eyes on the green glow.
Distressed by the idea, she found herself standing before the French doors again, looking at the green haze over the forest.
Orienting herself, she caught sight of the green haze again and walked along the edge of the forest, seeking a path.
She stopped a dozen meters before the edge of the forest, wondering if there was any sort of hazard in being so close to whatever it was causing the lake to be green in the first place.
Wynn's gaze was on the figures across the lake, his impassive features bathed in green light.
"Curiosity. Most lakes don't glow green," Wynn said in a casual voice.
The bottom of the lake was lined with green gems, the source of the strange light.
The green fog appeared.
It turned to green dust.
Green power flowed from the souls in the lake, through him and into the gem.
Gabriel grabbed at it, until he saw the shape of a man form beneath a haze of green.
Kris's normally iced features clouded, his violet eyes going green as he thought.
Kris slid two rare green life crystals across the table, the common form of payment for an assassination not ordered by Death herself.
His white-silver hair was long and clasped at his neck, his bronzed face and forest- green eyes displaying no emotion.
Aside from its large, glowing green eyes, the creature appeared near-human with a lean body covered in some sort of leather jumper.
Far, far, away, beyond the stone and shale, she thought she saw a swatch of green.
The room was more welcoming than she expected, the stone walls covered and smoothed with Sheetrock painted a light green and edged with pumpkin orange.
He led her to the uppermost floor of the castle, to a hallway with magnificent views of a green valley with towering trees.
The bedchamber was done up in pastels, soft rose drapes, light blue and green rugs, yellow pillows and highlights, which seemed to take the chill out of the stone walls.
They strode through the opulent mansion down a stairwell spilling into sunlight and swaths of green grass at the side of the main house.
Verdant forests stretched to the steely sky, a swath of green, brown, and grey.
It stared at her through green eyes, and she frowned, uncertain why the sight of the creature bothered her.
He took a step closer, his blond hair and green eyes highlighting a slender face.
I have seen our river, when, the landscape being covered with snow, both water and ice were almost as green as grass.
He looked at the row of birches shining in the sunshine, with their motionless green and yellow foliage and white bark.
In another side street a sentinel standing beside a green caisson shouted at him, but only when the shout was threateningly repeated and he heard the click of the man's musket as he raised it did Pierre understand that he had to pass on the other side of the street.
Near by could be seen the familiar ruins of a half-burned mansion occupied by the French, with lilac bushes still showing dark green beside the fence.
The colour ranges from pale yellow through red and brown to black or greenish, while by reflected light it is, in the majority of cases, of a green hue.
A slight man with white hair, velvety green eyes, and a fatherly smile stood in the middle of the kitchen.
The Watcher clenched his teeth, green eyes flaring with light and spinning before he regained his temper.
Her green eyes pierced him to the core, and a light flush spread across her skin.
"The seal will never be whole again," the Watcher said in a hushed tone, his green eyes on the sky.
He looked like her father, only his eyes glowed green where her father's had been purple.
The middle-aged man with bright green eyes standing in his study looked harmless.
Rainy, a brooding Guardian with striking green eyes and a shock of dark hair, was his youngest station chief at a youthful two thousand years old.
One was of medium height and slender, an older man with sharp green eyes the color of forest moss who seemed out of place in the middle of the room.
She blinked, shocked when he walked through the man with the green eyes as if he weren't there.
He followed the man with eyes as green as the moss in the corner of his room down the busy hallways, unaffected by the men who spit on him or shoved him as he went.
The man with green eyes was waiting for him in the hall and touched his arm.
His green eyes shifted from her to Traci.
He followed a familiar path through a narrowing hall and looked at his palm for the three codes written in green ink there.
The man with green eyes leaned over to Two, whispering to him.
The man with the green eyes was suddenly behind him, watching her.
Dorothy had a green streak through the center of her face where the blue and yellow lights came together, and her appearance seemed to add to his fright.
With some difficulty and danger Jim drew the buggy over the loose rocks until he reached the green lawns below, where the paths and orchards and gardens began.
You will notice my braids are tied with yellow, pink, brown, red, green, white and black; but I have no blue ribbons.
For they were in the streets of a beautiful emerald-green city, bathed in a grateful green light that was especially pleasing to their eyes, and surrounded by merry faced people in gorgeous green-and-gold costumes of many extraordinary designs.
"Did you not wear green whiskers at one time?" he asked.
This mollified Jim a little, and after some thought the green maiden decided to give the cab-horse a room in the palace, such a big building having many rooms that were seldom in use.
The colors represented the four countries of Oz, and the green star the Emerald City.
The green maiden hastened away, but presently returned and said:
He could see a green open space just beyond; and then the woods seemed to be thicker and darker.
As the merchant was walking along, he came to a river that flowed gently between green and shady banks.
The doll cried, too, and stretched out its arms from among the green branches, and looked distressed.
The grass was as green as though it was springtime, and the golden ears of corn gathered together in heaps in the great fields looked very pretty.
The waist is trimmed with pink and green brocaded velvet, and white lace, I think, and has double reefers on the front, tucked and trimmed with velvet, and also a row of tiny white buttons.
Since I wrote you, Helen and I have gone to live all by ourselves in a little garden-house about a quarter of a mile from her home, only a short distance from Ivy Green, the Keller homestead.
Often, when the weather is fine, we drive from four to six, or go to see her aunt at Ivy Green or her cousins in the town.
I love the beautiful spring, because the budding trees and the blossoming flowers and the tender green leaves fill my heart with joy.
Some were red, some white, and others pale pink, and they were just peeping out of the green leaves, as rosy-faced children peep out from their warm beds in wintertime before they are quite willing to get up.
Some were red, some white, and others were delicate pink, and they were peeping out from between the green leaves like beautiful little fairies.
I have felt a bud "shyly doff her green hood and blossom with a silken burst of sound," while the icy fingers of the snow beat against the window-panes.
From the top of the hill where I stood I saw my army surging over a sunlit plain like angry breakers, and as they moved, I saw the green of fields, like the cool hollows between billows.
That way I looked between and over the near green hills to some distant and higher ones in the horizon, tinged with blue.
Here is a hogshead of molasses or of brandy directed to John Smith, Cuttingsville, Vermont, some trader among the Green Mountains, who imports for the farmers near his clearing, and now perchance stands over his bulkhead and thinks of the last arrivals on the coast, how they may affect the price for him, telling his customers this moment, as he has told them twenty times before this morning, that he expects some by the next train of prime quality.
Methinks I hear them barking behind the Peterboro' Hills, or panting up the western slope of the Green Mountains.
That's Roman wormwood--that's pigweed--that's sorrel--that's piper-grass--have at him, chop him up, turn his roots upward to the sun, don't let him have a fibre in the shade, if you do he'll turn himself t' other side up and be as green as a leek in two days.
Walden is blue at one time and green at another, even from the same point of view.
The verdure had thickened and its bright green stood out sharply against the brownish strips of winter rye trodden down by the cattle, and against the pale-yellow stubble of the spring buckwheat.
Two huntsmen galloped up to the dogs; one in a red cap, the other, a stranger, in a green coat.
Behind them sat Anna Mikhaylovna wearing a green headdress and with a happy look of resignation to the will of God on her face.
Women's fuss! muttered Alpatych to himself and started on his journey, looking round at the fields of yellow rye and the still- green, thickly growing oats, and at other quite black fields just being plowed a second time.
An old peasant whom Prince Andrew in his childhood had often seen at the gate was sitting on a green garden seat, plaiting a bast shoe.
Jared limped after him and appeared beside him on the cliff edge, taking in the morning view of grey skies and green forest with a look of distaste.
He reached into his pocket and withdrew a small black pouch, pouring its contents—two green gems holding the dust of human souls—into his palm.
They have green grass, oceans, and blue sky just like us.
She felt more grounded as she stepped out of the horrible grey elevator onto a thick carpet of green.
She saw a full range of eye colors, though she noticed with some interest that blue or green eyes were unnaturally clear-- unlike her Mediterranean, green-blue-grey gaze.
She was delicate, with long hair as dark as the night sky and large eyes that turned from blue to green to grey.
He moved around her and stepped onto thick green grasses.
Talal paused in an open doorway leading to a large, green field behind the dwelling occupied by hundreds, perhaps thousands, of warriors organized into sparring groups of four and five.
She'd thought the planet completely dead, but there was a bright patch of green grass beneath her and the pod.
Grass tickled her feet, and she glanced down at the swath of green beneath her.
He was able to ski from the summit, but only on those slopes and trails designated blue or green, novice or intermediate.
It was a signature day in Ouray, better than the best of the area's finest painted or photographed images with the sky so blue, the pines so green and the snow so white, you couldn't paint truer colors with an art store's inventory.
There is no way on God's green earth I am going to influence that lovely woman to do your bidding!
My favorite color is green.
The supply of chevon and chicken in the freezer was getting low, but they still had plenty of home canned corn and green beans.
Even the ground was beginning to green with new shoots of grass.
"My brother's son, the cousin of Vara," Hilden said, motioning to a gangly youth with Vara's green eyes.
B, C, D, E, enlarged.) branched rootstock from which spring slender aerial shoots which are green, ribbed, and bear at each node a whorl of leaves reduced to a toothed sheath.
By growing mustard and ploughing it in green the ground is made obnoxious to the wireworms, and may even be cleared of them.
Not the case with Pumpkin Green.
There's enough green stuff out there now and they're starting to lay again.
Nature was at her peak, blending the wild blooms with various shades of green.
Soon a green river winked at them playfully between rocks and bushes, and roared impressively as they entered the clearing at the mill site.
Even so, she had managed to can thirty pints of green beans and twenty pints of tomatoes so far.
Green eyes sparkled despite her irritated tone.
The major cities in the East hit by nukes were marked in red with concentric circles that faded to orange, yellow, and finally green as they stretched west.
Gray buildings squatted amid neatly kept green lawns and paved walkways.
Lana replaced the micro, looking anew at the green cars and their silent occupants.
Still exhausted, he sat next to Dan in the helo that transported them from the medical facility to the lush green foothills of the Rockies.
He turned, and she stopped.  With the tip of one dagger, he tugged a necklace free from the shirt hiding it.  On it was two small green gems.
Death held out her closed hand to Rhyn.  He crept forward warily and extended his.  She dropped a small green gem into it.
Gabe stepped closer to the Lake.  Even through the black water, he could see the green souls at the bottom.
Her green eyes narrowed as she looked at me.
After leaving the room, Hunter stopped by a green Ford with Pennsylvania license plates.
"I'm so old I won't even buy green bananas no more," he smiled as Dean rolled his eyes.
Beyond the pond was a vivid green line of brush and trees, bordering the creek.
Green trees in every shade clumped together like heads of overripe broccoli.
The black frame with its hunter green trim rested on blocks right now.
They were in full bloom, their bright yellow blossoms contrasting starkly against the soft green of new grass.
He dumped a spoon full of green beans in his plate.
"I wore green that day," he said with a chuckle.
Jenn faced the newcomer, surprised to see a small, grandfatherly man with brilliant green eyes standing near them.
Darian asked, gazing into its clear green eyes.
Its green gaze turned intent, and Darian waited for it to speak again.
Several of his guardsmen stood nearby, their uniforms emblazoned with green cuneiform symbols.
She squinted to see it, unable to make out anything but glowing green eyes.
Vara, the only man he might count as a friend if he dared count any, whirled, and moonlight caught his pale green eyes.
His gaze was a familiar bright green, his hair curly and black.
She recognized the inky blackness swimming in his green eyes and felt her gut twist.
A dark green forest hedged the bay, hiding the inhabitants from sight.
Taran felt someone watching him and peered between two of his father's men to see the youth his age with glowing green eyes.
His eyes were as green as the trees hedging the beach.
The lanky youth had grown into a muscular man with icy green eyes, curly black hair, and chiseled features as cold as his father's.
Anger crossed through eyes as green as spring buds.
He was too surprised to speak, just stared at her through piercing green eyes.
Vara's green eyes almost glowed in the moonlight.
Vara lifted his chin in greeting as she passed him, and she wiped her eyes, meeting his green gaze.
His green eyes flashed as he flung himself from the horse.
Her gaze was fixed on him, something obviously going on behind eyes that couldn't decide whether they were green or blue.
She leaned against a pine tree, her gaze falling on a little green snake with stripes on it.
Carmen gave him a level look as she stirred the pot of fresh green beans.
As she suspected he would, Alex presented her with a fluffy white kitten with bright green eyes less than two weeks after Sam gave her the puppy.
Her eyes do look like green gems.
People with green eyes and red hair are supposed to have freckles.
A green sign indicated Huntsville was only 17 miles away.
On one side was a massive rock cliff covered with green moss.
Far below, green water moved sluggishly around huge gray boulders.
A little further on, strange fuzzy green pods protruded from the straight branches of another bush.
She screamed and frantically clawed the slender green snake from her arm.
Another page informed her that the opaque green berries on the thorny vines were gooseberries.
The rain had refreshed the vegetation and the trunks of the trees were dark against the bright green leaves.
Just when I think the light is green, you hit the breaks and sling out a caution sign.
A twinkle came into the green eyes.
They were pale green with silver rings that seemed to liquefy and swirl as Xander watched.
Once more, the silver ring flared to life and spun around her cool green irises.
The man before her – a Watcher by his glowing green eyes and the Original Watcher by his unusual height of nearly six feet – was smiling.
An iPad in a bright green case and a cell phone labeled work phone!!!!! was sitting on the table in the informal dining area, a sticky note on it.
Tall and slender, the woman's eyes were piercing, her dark hair and pale features setting off the green of her eyes even more.
The driveway was lined with trees and the manicured lawns emerald green.
Her green gaze was intent, the silver around them swirling as she fought to exert some influence over him.
It forms green prisms which are readily soluble in water.
Leo Africanus rightly describes its lower course as "severing by its winding channel the barren and naked soil from the green and fruitful."
fernandensis has the peculiarity that the male is of a bright cinnamon colour, while the female is green.
Both sexes are green in E.
The transition from blue to orange or red at sunset is usually through green, but exceptional conditions may easily disturb the normal state of things.
is said to have granted letters of protection to John Kemp, a Flemish weaver who settled in the town; and, although the coarse cloth known to Shakespeare as "Kendal green" is no longer made, its place is more than supplied by active manufactures of tweeds, railway rugs, horse clothing, knitted woollen caps and jackets, worsted and woollen yarns, and similar goods.
According to Hinds they feed chiefly on the green tissues, which " are punctured by the piercing mouth-parts and the sap withdrawn by suction.
axillary or terminal spikes; they have four stamens, which bear at the back four small herbaceous petal-like structures, and four free carpels, which ripen to form four small green fleshy fruits, each containing one seed within a hard inner coat;.
Williamstown, the principal village, is a pleasant residential centre on the Green river; it is surrounded by beautiful scenery and its streets are shaded by some fine old trees.
Green, Lives of the Princesses of England (6 vols., London, 1849-1855); The Hamilton Papers, ed.
arvense the fertile shoots appear first, in the spring, and are unbranched and not green.
maximum, grows in wet sandy declivities by railway embankments or streams, &c., and is remarkable for its beauty, due to the abundance of its elegant branches and the alternately green and white appearance of the stem.
Nine years after a monument, raised by public subscription, in the cemetery of Kensal Green, was inaugurated by Monckton Milnes (Lord Houghton) with a concourse of spectators that showed how well the memory of the poet stood the test of time.
The city, settled in 1840 and named in honour of the merchant and philanthropist, Anson Green Phelps (1781-18J3), was originally a part of the township of Derby; it was chartered as a borough in 1864 and as a city in 1893, when the township of Ansonia, which had been incorporated in 1889, and the city were consolidated.
It is recorded that the king occasionally visited Richard Shute, a Turkey merchant who owned a beautiful green at Barking Hall, and that after one bout his losses were £1000.
During his stay at the Northamptonshire village of Holdenby or Holmby - where Sir Thomas Herbert complains the green was not well kept - Charles frequently rode over to Lord Vaux's place at Harrowden, or to Lord Spencer's at Althorp, for a game, and, according to one account, was actually playing on the latter green when Cornet Joyce came to Holmby to remove him to other quarters.
There is record of a club in Haddington in 1709, of Tom Bicket's green in Kilmarnock in 1740, of greens in Candleriggs and Gallowgate, Glasgow, and of one in Lanark in 1750, of greens in the grounds of Heriot's hospital, Edinburgh, prior to 1768, and of one in Peebles in 1775.
There are two kinds of bowling green, the level and the crown.
It is the game on the perfectly level green that constitutes the historical game of bowls.
square forms an ideal green.
For the scientific construction of a green, the whole ground must be excavated to a depth of 18 in.
Surrounding the green is a space called a ditch, which is nearly but not quite on a level with the green and slopes gently away from it, the side next the turf being lined with boarding, the ditch itself bottomed with wooden spars resting on the foundation.
A green is divided into spaces usually from 18 to 21 ft.
The end ditch within the limits of the space is, according to Scottish laws, regarded as part of the green, a regulation which prejudices the general acceptance of those laws.
On crown-greens it is customary to use a small biased wooden jack to give the bowler some clue to the run of the green.
The bowler delivers his bowl with one foot on a mat or footer, made of india-rubber or cocoanut fibre, the size of which is also prescribed by rule as 24 by 16 in., though, with a view to protecting the green, Australasian clubs employ a much larger size, and require the bowler to keep both feet on the mat in the act of delivery.
The leader has to place the mat, to throw the jack, to count the game, and to call the result of each end or head to the skip who is at the other end of the green.
There is no excuse for short play on his part, and his bowls would be better off the green than obstructing the path of subsequent bowls.
2), two jacks are laid at the far end of the green 12 ft.
At its close the green must be carefully examined, weeds uprooted, worn patches re-turfed, and the whole laid under a winter blanket of silver-sand.
It is obvious that the points game demands an ideally perfect green.
At lower pressures the green line 4922 becomes more conspicuous.
During the sedition of the "green" and "blue" parties of the circus (known as the Nika sedition, 532) he did Justinian good service, effectually crushing the rebels who had proclaimed Hypatius emperor.
This mixture burns with a green flame forming boron trioxide; whilst boron is deposited on passing the gas mixture through a hot tube, or on depressing a cold surface in the gas flame.
Bethnal Green >>
A curious property is to be observed when a crystal of pharmacosiderite is placed in a solution of ammonia - in a few minutes the green colour changes throughout the whole crystal to red; on placing the red crystal in dilute hydrochloric acid the green colour is restored.
Naked crags, when they do appear, lift themselves from a sea of green, and a tropical vegetation, quite Malaysian in character, covers everything.
Frogs of many kinds are plentiful, the brilliant green frogs being especially conspicuous and noisy.
Among the inoffensive species are counted the graceful green "tree snake," which pursues frogs, birds and lizards to the topmost branches of the forest; also several species of pythons, the commonest of which is known as the carpet snake.
The Trigla polyommata, or flying garnet, is a greater beauty, with its body of crimson and silver, and its large pectoral fins, spread like wings, of a rich green, bordered with purple, and relieved by a black and white spot.
Mr Charles Green was commissioned to conduct the astronomical observations, and Sir Joseph Banks and Dr Solander were appointed botanists to the expedition.
WILLIAM HENRY GREEN (1825-1900), American Hebrew scholar, was born in Groveville, near Bordentown, New Jersey, on the 27th of January 1825.
The most prominent feature of the surface is the Green Mountains, which extend nearly N.
West of the Green Mountains the Taconic Mountains form a nearly parallel (but distinct) range, extending from New York and Massachusetts N.
of the Green Mountains, but distributed along the entire E.
The least broken section of Vermont is on the somewhat gentle slope of the Green Mountains in the N.W.
Where the Green Mountain range is unbroken, in the S.
Lake Champlain, which lies beautifully in the valley between the Green and Adirondack mountains, belongs mostly to Vermont.
Vermont (vert mont), the Green Mountain State, was so named from the evergreen forests of its mountains, whose principal trees are spruce and fir on the upper slopes and white pine and hemlock on the lower.
Along the shore of Lake Champlain are a few species of maritime plants that remain from the time when portions of western Vermont were covered by the sea, and on the upper slopes of some of the higher mountains are a few Alpine species; these, however, are much less numerous on the Green Mountains of Vermont than on the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
At Rutland, Proctor and Dorset many darker shades are found, including "moss vein," olive green and various shades of blue, green, yellow and pink, which are used for ornamental purposes.
quarry from which other red marbles are taken; and at Roxbury, Washington county, a fine serpentine, called "green marble," or verde antique, is quarried.
The olive green syenite found on Mount Ascutney, near the Connecticut river, in Windsor county, is a hornblendeaugite.
of the mountains, which came to be known as the Green Mountain Boys.
The Green Mountain Boys, with some help from Connecticut, captured Fort Ticonderoga on the 10th of May 1775, and took part in the Canadian expedition of 1775 under Montgomery and Schuyler.
Thus any twining plant with a heart-shaped leaf, white and green above and purple beneath, is called by them guaco (R.
The leaves are large, often irregular in form, usually with a few deep lobes dilated at the end; they are of a bright light green on the upper surface, but whitish beneath; they turn to a violet tint in autumn.
rubra, has thin large leaves on long petioles, the lobes very long and acute, the points almost bristly; they are pink when they first expand in spring, but become of a bright glossy green when full-grown; in autumn they change to the deep purplered which gives the tree its name.
DUFF GREEN (1791-1875), American politician and journalist, was born in Woodford county, Kentucky, on the 15th of August 1791.
Upon Andrew Jackson's election to the presidency, the Telegraph became the principal mouthpiece of the administration, and received printing patronage estimated in value at $50,000 a year, while Green became one of the coterie of unofficial advisers of Jackson known as the "Kitchen Cabinet."
In the quarrel between Jackson and John C. Calhoun, Green supported the latter, and through the columns of the Telegraph violently attacked the administration.
Green, however, continued to edit it in the Calhoun interest until 1835, and gave vigorous support to that leader's nullification views.
In September 1844 Calhoun, then secretary of state, sent Green to Texas ostensibly as consul at Galveston, but actually, it appears, to report to the administration, then considering the question of the annexation of Texas, concerning the political situation in Texas and Mexico.
After the close of the war with Mexico Green was sent to that country in 1849 by President Taylor to negotiate concerning the moneys which, by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the United States had agreed to pay; and he saved his country a considerable sum by arranging for payment in exchange instead of in specie.
Subsequently Green was engaged in railway building in Georgia and Alabama.
John Richard Green >>
The terrigenous deposits consist of blue muds, red muds (abundant along the coast of Brazil, where the amount of organic matter present is insufficient to reduce the iron in the matter brought down by the great rivers to produce blue muds), green muds and sands, and volcanic and coral detritus.
m., and includes the villages of Manchester, South Manchester, Buckland, Manchester Green and Highland Park.
Fleming's Electric Wave Telegraphy, by permission of Longmans, Green & Co.
It is uniformly green or more or less spotted, blotched or suffused with red or crimson, or sometimes, as in N.
He takes no heed of his rider, pays no attention whether he be on his back or not, walks straight on when once set agoing, merely because he is too stupid to turn aside, and then should some tempting thorn or green branch allure him out of the path, continues to walk on in the new direction simply because he is too dull to turn back into the right road.
The cultivation of green forage is extensive and is divided into the categories of temporary and perennial.
The principal are: white beans, largely consumed by the working classes; lentils, much less cultivated than beans; and green peas, largely consumed in Italy, and exported as a spring vegetable.
The fields of Tuscany for the most part bear wheat one year and maize the next, in perpetual interchanges, relieved to some extent by green crops.
But the memory of the benefits conferred by the English constitution remained fresh and green amidst the arid waste of repression which followed.
In February 1831 these provinces rose, raised the red, white and green tricolor (which henceforth took the place of the Carbonarist colors as the Italian flag), and shook off the papal yoke with surprising ease.1 At Parma too there was an outbreak and a demand for the constitution; Marie Louise could not grant it because of her engagements with Austria, and, therefore, abandoned her dominions.
Actuated by rancour against Crispi, he, on the 29th of April 1896, authorized I the publication of a Green Book on Abyssinian affairs, in which, without the consent of Great Britain, the confidential AngloItalian negotiations in regard to the Abyssinian war were disclosed.
Leeches are usually olive green to brown in colour, darker patches and spots being scattered over a paler ground.
The marine parasitic leech Pontobdella is of a bright green, as is also the land-leech Trocheta.
Green calls this king, had not, however, given up the struggle, and he was still in the field when he was taken ill, dying in Newark castle on the 19th of October 1216.
Green says "The rights which the barons claimed for themselves they claimed for the nation at large."
In Hydra viridis the polyp is of a green colour and produces a spherical egg with a smooth shell which is dropped into the mud.
The coasts are fairly indented, and, protected by these reefs, which often support a chain of green islets, afford many good harbours and safe anchorages.
The true balsam poplar, or tacamahac, P. balsamifera, abundant in most parts of Canada and the northern States, is a tree of rather large growth, often of somewhat fastigiate habit, with round shoots and oblong-ovate sharp-pointed leaves, the base never cordate, the petioles round, and the disk deep glossy green above but somewhat downy below.
Its fragrant shoots and the fine yellow green of the young leaves recommend it to the ornamental planter.
The molybdates may be recognized by the fact that they give a white precipitate on the addition of hydrochloric or nitric acids to their solutions, and that with reducing agents (zinc and sulphuric acid) they give generally a blue coloration which turns to a green and finally to a brown colour.
The algal fungi, Phycomycetes, are obviously derived from the Green Algae, while the remaining Fungi, the Eumycetes, appear to have sprung from the same stock as the Rhodophyceae.
A, Cell (individual) of the unicellular Green Alga Pleurococcus, as an example of an undifferentiated autonomous assimilating cell.
B, Plant of the primitive Siphoneous Green Alga Protosiphon botryoides.
C, Base of the multicellular filamentous Green Alga Chaetomorpha aes-ea.
D, Part of branched filamentous thallus of the multicellular Green Alga Oedocladium.
ax., Green axis creeping on the surface of damp soil; rh., colorless rhizoids penetrating the soil; asc. ax., ascending axes of green cells.
E, Vertical section of frond of the complicated Siphoneous Green Alga Halimeda.
con.) green assimilating cortical branches, which are the ends of branches from the medulla and fit tightly together, forming the continuous surface of the plant.
In the Algae such a cell consists essentially of: (1) a mass of protoplasm provided with (2) a nucleus and (3) an assimilating apparatus consisting of a colored protoplasmic body, called a chromatophore, the pigment of which in the pure green forms is chlorophyll, and which may then be called a cliloroplast.
It is from such a living and assimilating cell, performing as it does all the vital functions of a green plant, that, according to current theory, all the different cell-forms of a higher plant have been differentiated in the course of descent.
Among the Green Algae the differentiation of cells is comparatively slight.
The thallus in all cases consists of a branched filament of cells placed end to end, as in many of the Green Algae.
Many of the lower forms of Brown Seaweeds (Phoeophyceae) have a thallus consisting of simple or branched cell threads, as in the green and red forms. The lateral union of the branches to form a solid thallus is not, however, so common, nor is it carried to so high a pitch of elaboration as in the Rhodophyceae.
The simpler Fungi, like the simpler Green Algae, consist of single cells or simple or branched cell-threads, but among the higher kinds a massive body is often formed, particuTissue t~Jf larly in con nexion with the formation of spores, and, er~n,~,onthiS may exhibit considerable tissue-differentiation.
Similar modes of growth occur among the Siphoneous Green Algae and also among the Red Seaweeds.
of the thallus, whatever its external form, by branched, continuous or septate, coenocytic tubes (Siphoneae and Fungi), or by simple or branched cell-threads (Red and many Green Algae), in both cases growing mainly or entirely at the apex of each branch, is almost universal in.
Oedocladium among the Green Algae).
The latter are plates of green tissue one cell thick, while the stem consists of uniform more or less elongated cylindrical cells.
The root differs from the shoot in the characters of its surface tissues, in the absence of the green assimilative pigment chlorophyll, in the arrangement of its vascular system and in the mode of growth at the apex, all features which are in direct relation to its normally subterranean life and its fixative and absorptive functions.
In all green plants which have a special protective epidermis, the cortex of the shoot has to perform the primitive fundamental function of carbon assimilation.
The cortex of a young stem is usually green, and plays a more or less important part in the assimilative function.
It does not at first appear to be the same with the bulkier plants, such as the ordinary green herbs, shrubs or trees, but a study of their earlier development indicates that they do not at the outset differ in any way from the simple undifferentiated forms. Each commences its existence as a simple naked protoplast, in the embroyo-sac or the archegonium, as the case may be.
We have the formation of numerous mechanisms which have arisen in connection with the question of food supply, which may not only involve particular cells, but also lead to differentiation in the protoplasm of those cells, as in the development of the chloroplastids of the leaves and other green parts.
Brown and Escombe have shown that the amount of solar energy taken up by a green leaf may often be fifty times as much as it can utilize in the constructive processes of which it is the seat.
It consists essentially of a number of minute corpuscles or plastids, the protoplasmic substance of which is impregnated with a green coloring matter.
Each is a small protoplasmic body, in the meshes of whose vubstance the green coloring matter chlorophyll is contained in some form of solution.
If not, there must exist in the green plant, side by side with it, another mechanism which is concerned with the manufacture of the complex compounds in which nitrogen is present.
The probability is that this mechanism is to be found in green plants in the leavesat any rate there is a certain body of evidence pointing in this direction.
The green plant prefers as a rule nitrates of various metals, such as calcium, magnesium or potassium.
The normal green plant is seen thus to be in possession of a complete machinery for the manufacture of its own food.
The power of green plants, not even specialized in any of these directions, to absorb certain carbohydrates, particularly sugars, from the soil was demonstrated by Acton in 1889.
Bonnier has drawn attention to the fact that the mistletoe in its turn, remaining green in the winter, contributes food material to its host when the latter has lost its leaves.
Mycorhizas.The most interesting cases, however, in which Fungi form symbiotic relationships with green plants have been discovered in connection with forest trees.
Each species of green plant may form a mycorhiza with two or three different Fungi, and a single species of Fungus may enter into symbiosis with several green plants.
These are: (I) That the green plant is so stimulated by the symbiotic association which leads to the hypertrophy, that it is able to fix the nitrogen or cause it to enter into combination.
That the fixation of the gas is carried out by the fungal organism either in the soil or in the plant, and the nitrogenous substance so produced is absorbed by the organism, which is in turn consumed by the green plant.
Whichever opinion is held on this point, there seems no room for doubt that the fixation of the nitrogen is concerned only with the root, and that the green leavec take no part in it.
This coloring matter, as shown by its absorption spectrum, picks out of the ordinary beam of light a large proportion of its red and blue rays, together with some of the green and yellow.
by Ewart; Reynolds Green, Introduction to Vegetable Physiology; The Soluble Ferments and Fermentation; Detmer, Practical Plant Physiology, trans.
The principal symptom may show itself in general pallor, including all cases where the normal healthy green hue is replaced by a sickly yellowish hue indicating that the chlorophyll apparatus is deficient.
The chloroplasts are generally distinguished by their green color, which is due to the presence of chlorophyll; but in many Algae this is masked by another coloring matterPh ycoerytlsrin in the Florideae, Phycophaein in the Phaeophyceae, and Phycocyanin in the Cyanophyceae.
These substances can, however, be dissolved out in water, and the green coloring matter of the chloroplast then becomes visible.
Green, The Soluble Ferments).
The eggcell or oosphere is a large cell containing a single large nucleus, and in the green plants the rudiments of plastids.
Metamorphosis.It has already been pointed out that each kind of member of the body may present a variety of forms. For example, a stem may be a tree-trunk, or a twining stem, or a tendril, or a thorn, or a creeping rhizome, or a tuber; a leaf may be a green foliage-leaf, or a scale protecting a bud, or a tendril, or a pitcher, or a floral leaf, either sepal, petal, stamen or carpel (sporophyll); a root may be a fibrous root, or a swollen tap-root like that of the beet or the turnip. All these various forms are organs discharging some special function, and are examples of what Wolff called modification, and Goethe metamorphosis.
Recent investigations have recalled attention to the work of Lowthian Green, but the question is still in the controversial stage.'
The urine becomes dark green in colour owing to the formation of various oxidation products such as pyrocatechin.
The duke of Portland was undoubtedly buried in Kensal Green cemetery in 1879.
Meshed had formerly a great transit trade to Central Asia, of European manufactures, mostly Manchester goods, which came by way of Trebizond, Tabriz and Teheran; and of Indian goods and produce, mostly muslins and Indian and green teas, which came by way of Bander Abbasi.
In 1894 the Russian government enforced new customs regulations, by which a heavy duty is levied on Anglo-Indian manufactures and produce, excepting pepper, ginger and drugs, imported into Russian Asia by way of Persia; and the importation of green teas is altogether prohibited except by way of Batum, Baku, Uzunada and the Transcaspian railway.
A variety of oil-bearing plants and green fodder, as also cotton, hemp, flax and poppies, are grown.
It is familiar in the titles, showing the colour of their wands of office, of the gentlemen ushers of the three principal British orders of knighthood, the ushers of the Garter and St Patrick being "Ushers of the Black Rod," and of the Thistle "Green Rod."
In germination of the seed the root of the embryo (radicle) grows out to get a holdfast for the plant; this is generally followed by the growth of the short stem immediately above the root, the so-called "hypocotyl," which carries up the cotyledons above the ground, where they spread to the light and become the first green leaves of the plant.
Lemery in 1675 by distilling green vitriol.
Green, his logical tenets are described in 16.886, 888 and 917.
There is one trogon - green and crimson, a brightly coloured ground thrush (Pitta), numerous woodpeckers and barbets; glossy starlings, the black and white African crow and a great variety of brilliantly coloured weaver birds, waxbills, shrikes and sun-birds.
On the sea coast there is the leathery turtle (Dermochelis) and also the green turtle (Chelone).
long; there are other orchids of fantastic design in their green and white flowers, some of which have spurs (r ectaries) nearly 7 in.
Green, J.
The forests are composed of the birch, oak and other deciduous trees, the soil is dry, and the woodlands are divided by green prairies.
On the thick layer of black earth by which the steppe is covered a luxuriant vegetation develops in spring; after the old grass has been burned a bright green prevails over immense stretches, but this rapidly disappears under the burning rays of the sun and the hot E.
Crops, chiefly barley, rye, oats, turnips and green crops, are, however, grown on clearings in the forest, though the yield is poor.
touches the agrarian line already mentioned, the principal crops are rye and oats, with barley and wheat coming next, though flax and green crops are also grown.
Rye is the staple crop, though buckwheat, flax, green crops and the potato are cultivated in considerable quantities.
The first is a huge mass of a bright green colour, living to a great age, and when dead becoming of a grey and stony appearance.
The green and angular fruit or "nut" ripens in October; it is about 4 in.
Mr English, one of his secretaries, has furnished a picture of him at this period seated in a study lined on two sides with books and darkened by green screens and curtains of blue muslin, which required readjustment with almost every cloud that passed across the sky.
Few crowded neighbourhoods are visible, and the characteristic features of the scene which meets the eye are the upturned roofs of temples, palaces, and mansions, gay with blue, green and yellow glazed tiles, glittering among the groves of trees with which the city abounds.
The same day all her reputed lovers were executed; and on the 19th she herself suffered death on Tower Green, her head being struck off with a sword by the executioner of Calais brought to England for the purpose.'
3, the true bulrush, occurs in lakes, ditches and marshes; it has a spongy, green, cylindrical stem, reaching nearly an inch in thickness and 1 to 8 ft.
Another river of note is the Chang Kiang, which has its source in the province of Ngan-hui and flows into the Po-yang Lake, connecting in its course the Wuyuen district, whence come the celebrated "Moyune" green teas, and the city of King-to-chen, celebrated for its pottery, with Jao-chow Fu on the lake.
His name was originally Edmund Fiske Green, but in 1855 he took the name of a great-grandfather, John Fiske.
Between the publication of the collected edition of his poems and his settling down in the Luckenbooths, he had published a few shorter poems and had issued the first instalments of The Tea-Table Miscellany and The Ever Green (both 1724-1727).
In The Ever Green, being a Collection of Scots Poems wrote by the Ingenious before 1600, Ramsay had another purpose, to reawaken an interest in the older national literature.
The preface to his Ever Green is a protest against "imported trimming" and "foreign embroidery in our writings," and a plea for a return to simple Scottish tradition.
The Tea-Table Miscellany was reprinted in 1871 (2 vols., Glasgow; John Crum); The Ever Green in 1875 (2 vols., Glasgow; Robert Forrester); The Poems of Allan Ramsay in 1877 (2 vols., Paisley; Alex.
'QUEZAL, or Quesal, the Spanish-American name for one of the most beautiful of birds, abbreviated from the Aztec or Maya Quetzal-tototl, the last part of the compound word meaning fowl, and the first, also written Cuetzal, the long feathers of rich green with which it is adorned.'
A mile south are the green mounds marking the site of the abbey of Saulseat, founded for Premonstratensian monks by Fergus, "king" of Galloway, early in the 12th century.
It stood on the banks of a small loch and was known as the Monastery of the Green Lake from the mass of confervae with which the water was continually covered.
wide, whose south-eastern extremity is the intersection of the 32nd meridian with the Alabama boundary, is characterized by beds of aluminous grey and white sandstone, aluminous and siliceous clay-stone, quartzitic sandstone, and green sand and marls.
Another beautiful grotto has green instead of blue refractions; the effect in both cases is due to the light entering by a small entrance.
The order is well represented in Britain by 18 genera, which include several species of Orchis: Gymnadenia (fragrant orchis), Habenaria (butterfly and frog orchis), Aceras (man orchis), Hermin- ium (musk orchis), Ophrys (bee, spider and fly orchis), Epipactis (Helleborine), Cephalanthera, Neottia (bird's-nest orchis), one of the few saprophytic genera, which have no green leaves, but derive their nourishment from decaying organic matter in the soil, Listens (Tway blade), Spiranthes (lady's tresses), Malaxis (bog-orchis), Liparis (fen-orchis), Corallorhiza (coral root), also a saprophyte, and Cypripedium (lady's slipper), represented by a single species now very rare in limestone districts in the north of England.
This evidence of a gradual process of upheaval still in action may throw some light on the physical (especially the climatic) changes which must have passed over that part of Asia since Balkh was the " mother of cities," the great trade centre of Asia, and the plains of Balkh were green with cultivation.
The absence of the ordinary bright green colours of vegetation is another peculiarity of this flora, almost all the plants having glaucous or whitened stems. Foliage is reduced to a minimum, the moisture of the plant being stored up in massive or fleshy stems against the long-continued drought.
The earl's memory remained green for a long time, and in the Vision of Piers Plowman his name is linked with that of Robin Hood.
The plasma is coloured red by haemoglobin: it is sometimes (in Sabella and a few other Polychaeta) green, which tint is due to another respiratory pigment.
They are minute worms with coloured oil drops (green, olive green or orange) contained in the epidermis.
high - is decorated with designs in black, white, green and yellow, the yellow designs (formed of micaceous sand) glistening like gold.
WOOD GREEN, an urban district in the Tottenham parliamentary division of Middlesex, England, suburban to London, 7'7 m.
- (Residence at the Court of London, p. 286.) Bentham's love of flowers and music, of green foliage and shaded walks, comes clearly out in this pleasant picture of his home life and social surroundings.
Farther south, heavy crops of wheat, turnips and other cereals and green crops are not uncommon, while barley is cultivated about Repton and Gresley, and also in the east of the county, in order to supply the Burton breweries.
high and bears large pear-shaped fruits, green or deep purple in colour, with a firm yellowish-green marrow-like pulp surrounding a large seed.
They were fed with hay during the annual inundation, and at other times tethered in meadows of green clover.
In addition to the use of several kinds of animal and other manures, green crops were sometimes ploughed in by the Romans.
From the third edition of Hartlib's Legacie we learn that clover was cut green and given to cattle; and it appears that this practice of soiling, as it is now called, had become very common about the beginning of the 18th century, wherever clover was cultivated.
Green crops, such as turnips, clover and rye grass, began to be alternated with grain crops, whence the name alternate husbandry.
Nor did this increased tillage interfere with the increase of live stock, as the green crops of the alternate husbandry more than compensated for the diminished pasturage.
The great losses arising from spoilt hay crops served to stimulate experimental inquiry into the method of preserving green fodder known as ensilage, with the result that the system eventually became successfully incorporated in the ordinary routine of agricultural practice.
Rye is perhaps more largely grown as a green crop to be fed off by sheep, or cut green for soiling, in the spring months.
The area withdrawn from corn-growing is not to be found under the head of what are termed " green crops."
In Canada and the United States this rational employment of a leguminous crop for ploughing in green is largely resorted to for the amelioration of worn-out wheat lands and other soils, the condition of which has been lowered to an unremunerative level by the repeated growth year after year of a cereal crop. The well-known paper of Lawes, Gilbert and Pugh (1861), " On the Sources of the Nitrogen of Vegetation,.
On the one hand there has arisen a school of thinkers of the type of Thomas Hill Green, who have brought to bear on his metaphysical views the idealism of modern German thinkers.
The two most useful arsenical sprays are Paris green and arsenate of lead.
of the Paris green with 15 gallons of soft water, and add 2 oz.
Under favourable conditions of growth it is a lofty tree, with a nearly straight, tapering trunk, throwing out in somewhat irregular whorls its widespreading branches, densely clothed with dark, clear green foliage.
The elongated cylindrical cones grow chiefly at the ends of the upper branches; they are purplish at first, but become afterwards green, and eventually light brown; their scales are slightly toothed at the extremity; they ripen in the autumn, but seldom discharge their seeds until the following spring.
The young shoots are also given to oxen in the long winters of those northern latitudes, when other green fodder is hard to obtain.
A decoction of the buds in milk or whey is a common household remedy for scurvy; and the young shoots or green cones form an essential ingredient in the spruce-beer drank with a similar object, or as an occasional beverage.
As a picturesque tree, for park and ornamental plantation, it is among the best of the conifers, its colour and form contrasting yet harmonizing with the olive green and rounded outline of oaks and beeches, or with the red trunk and glaucous foliage of the pine.
The white spruce (Picea alba), sometimes met with in English plantations, is a tree of lighter growth than the black spruce, the branches being more widely apart; the foliage is of a light glaucous green; the small light-brown cones are more slender and tapering than in P. nigra, and the scales have even edges.
The short leaves are flat, those above pressed close to the stem, and the others forming two rows; they are of a rather light green tint above, whitish beneath.
The yew-like leaves spread laterally, and are of a deep green tint; the cones are furnished with tridentate bracts that project far beyond the scales.
The flat leaves are arranged in two regular, distinct rows; they are deep green above, but beneath have two broad white lines, which, as the foliage in large trees has a tendency to curl upwards, give it a silvery appearance from below.
The next night, however, having dreamt that he beheld Firdousi in paradise dressed in the sacred colour, green, and wearing an emerald crown, he reconsidered his determination; and the poet was henceforth held to be perfectly orthodox.
THOMAS HILL GREEN (1836-1882), English philosopher, the most typical English representative of the school of thought called Neo-Kantian, or Neo-Hegelian, was born on the 7th of April 1836 at Birkin, a village in the West Riding of Yorkshire, of which his father was rector.
These works were not published until after his death, but Green's views were previously known indirectly through the Introduction to the standard edition of Hume's works by Green and T.
Green was thus driven, not theoretically, but as a practical necessity, to raise again the whole question of man in relation to nature.
Carrying on the same analytical method into the special department of moral philosophy, Green held that ethics applies to the peculiar conditions of social life that investigation into man's nature which metaphysics began.
Green's teaching was, directly and indirectly, the most potent philosophical influence in England during the last quarter of the 19th century, while his enthusiasm for a common citizenship, and his personal example in practical municipal life, inspired much of the effort made, in the years succeeding his death, to bring the universities more into touch with the people, and to break down the rigour of class distinctions.
Nevertheless, Green's statement of his conclusions presents important difficulties.
Green (London and New York, 1896); D.
Green (1908); A.
Valentine Green >>
Some of the "porphyroids" which have grains of quartz and felspar in a finely schistose micaceous matrix are intermediate between porphyries and micaschists of this group. Still more numerous are orthoschists of hornblendic character (hornblende-schists) consisting of green hornblende with often felspar, quartz and sphene (also rutile, garnet, epidote or zoisite, biotite and iron oxides).
Mayr and others, while Scudder has studied the rich Oligocene faunas of Colorado (Florissant) and Wyoming (Green River).
Thrice Samson scoffingly told her how he might be bound, and thrice he readily broke the bonds with which she had fettered him in his sleep; seven green bow-strings, new ropes, and even the braiding of his hair into the frame of the loom failed to secure him.
The pavement consists partly of opus Alexandrinum of red and green porphyry mixed with marbles, partly of tesselated work of glass and marble tesserae.
His collected works, with a memoir by his son-in-law, Samuel Stanhope Smith (who succeeded him as president of the college), were edited by Dr Ashbel Green (New York, 1801-1802).
The wild animals found in the district comprise a few tigers, leopards and wild elephants, deer, wild pig, porcupines, jackals, foxes, hares, otters, &c. The green monkey is very common; porpoises abound in the large rivers.
As instances of procryptic or celative coloration may be mentioned that of the species of the genus Dolomedes, one of the Lycosidae, which lives amongst reeds and is marked with a pair of longitudinal yellow lines which harmonize with the upright stalks of the vegetation, and Lycosa pitta, which lives on the sand, can scarcely be seen on account of its mottled pattern: Sparassus smargdulus and the species of Pecucetia, which are found amongst grass or low green herbage, are mostly green in colour, and Salticus scenicus is banded with white and black to match the grey tint of the rocks and stone walls on which it hunts its prey.
distant from the Green.
The central and older portion of the city is laid out in squares surrounding a public Green of 16 acres, which was in former days the centre of religious and social life.
Besides the Green there are 12 other parks, ranging from 6 to 300 acres in area, four of them being on the water front, along the harbour.
Among the public buildings and places of interest are the three churches on the Green, built in 5854; Center Church (Congregational), in the rear of which is the grave of John Dixwell (1608-1689), one of the regicides; United (formerly known as North) Church (Congregational), and Trinity Church, which belongs to one of the oldest Protestant Episcopal congregations in Connecticut.
Blake, Chronicles of New Haven Green (New Haven, 1898); Records of the Colony of New Haven 1638-1665 (2 vols., Hartford, 1857-1858), edited by C. H.
It is usually regarded as the standard Egyptian cotton; the lint is yellowish brown, the seeds black and almost smooth, usually with a little tuft of short green hairs at the ends.
Paris green kills it in its young stages before it has entered the buds or bolls.
Dusting with Paris green is, however, an efficient remedy if promptly applied at the outset of the attack.
They can be killed by spreading about cabbage leaves, &c., poisoned with Paris green.
Standing in the public green, in the centre of the city, is the original statue (by Launt Thompson) of the "Massachusetts Color Bearer," which has been reproduced on the battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
Many of the springs have curative properties, one of them, the Green Cove Spring in Clay county, discharging about 3000 gallons of sulphuretted water per minute.
The cliffs on the east shore of Green Bay form a bold escarpment, and from this ridge the land slopes gradually to the lake.
With the exception of Green and Traverse bays, Lake Michigan has few indentations of the coast line, and except at the north end it is free from islands.