(Malakoff,Magenta, Morny).
In the duchy of Modena an insurrection had broken out, and after Magenta Duke Francis joined the Austrian army in Lombardy, leaving a regency in charge.
But to Napoleons statement that he could not agree to the unification of Italy, as he was bound by his promises to Austria at Villafranca, Victor Emmanuel replied that he himself, after Magenta and Solferino, was bound in honor to link his fate with that of the Italian people; and Genetal Manfredo Fanti was sent by the Turin government to organize the army of the Central League, with Garibaldi under him.
- This name is now restricted to two or three dwarf branching Brazilian epiphytal plants of extreme beauty, which agree with Phyllocactus in having the branches dilated into the form of fleshy leaves, but differ in having them divided into short truncate leaf-like portions, which are articulated, that is to say, provided with a joint by which they separate spontaneously; the margins are crenate or dentate, and the flowers, which are large and showy, magenta or crimson, appear at the apex of the terminal joints.
The decree of the 24th of November 1860 transferred the services from Paris back to Algiers, and re-established the functions of governor-general, which were exercised at the end of the second empire first by Marshal Pelissier, duc de Malakoff (December 1860 to September 1864) and then by Marshal MacMahon, duc de Magenta (September 1864 to July 1870).
Denham, and several important voyages for scientific research were made in the second half of the 19th century, including one from Austria under Captain Wiillerstorf Urbair (1858), and one from Italy in the vessel "Magenta" (1865-1868), which was accompanied by the scientist Dr Enrico Giglioli.
Ambrogio, in the Corso Magenta, is the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie, built by the Dominicans about 1460, to which the Gothic facade and nave belong.
FUCHSINE, or Magenta, a red dyestuff consisting of a mixture of the hydrochlorides or acetates of pararosaniline and rosaniline.
The cloth is made of the cotton grown in the country, woven on small handlooms and dyed either with indigo or with a magenta dye obtained from the bark of a tree.
The actions of Montebello (May 20), Palestro (May 3f) and Melegnano (June 8) and the battles of Magenta (June ~) and Solferino (June 24) all went against the Austrians.
The Lombard campaign of 1859, with the battles of Solferino and Magenta, finally made Milan a part of the kingdom of Italy.
After Magenta (June 4, 1859), it was the fears of the Catholics and the messages of the empress which, even more than the threats of Prussia, checked him in his triumph and forced him into the armistice of Villafranca (July 11, 1859).
In the second Austrian war in 1859 Fanti commanded the 2nd division, and contributed to the victories of Palestro, Magenta and San Martino.
Another remarkable fact is that these substances yield coloured solutions in organic solvents; triphenylmethyl gives a yellow solution, whilst ditolylphenyl and tritolylmethyls give orange solutions which on warming turn to a violet and to a magenta, the changes being reversed on cooling.
But the remainder of the Manchurian campaign, like the second half of the war of 1859, was nothing more than a series of violent and resuitless encounters of huge armies - armies far larger than those which had fought out the real struggle for supremacy at Liao-Yang and Magenta.
If the Schiff's reagent quickly becomes magenta, then you are producing an aldehyde from a primary alcohol.
The color is shaded, paler pink at the circumference becoming deeper magenta toward the center, with dark veins and red anthers.
They are available in a wide range of colors from yellow, apricot and orange to salmon, pink, magenta and pearly white.
The b -sheet adjacent to the nucleotide-binding site is colored magenta; light chains are displayed as b -sheet adjacent to the nucleotide-binding site is colored magenta; light chains are displayed as backbone, in green & red.
The Lyson 1000 Series and 1300 Series are available in cyan, magenta, yellow, black, light cyan and light magenta.
The colors are black, yellow, light cyan, cyan, light magenta and magenta.
Six separate ink tanks house the printer's cyan, magenta, yellow, black and photo cyan and photo magenta inks.
When using cyan, magenta and yellow in certain variations they create oranges, reds, violets, and so on.
This printing process produces 256 shades for each of three dye colors â cyan, magenta and yellow.
It contains the photo magenta, photo cyan and black inks combined.
This causes it to appear magenta in color to the human eye.
But one said you need warm and cold of each to make most of the colors but that you can't make magenta.
magenta in color with 5 to 7 petals.
The real deal maker is how much light magenta you can dial in to get the green out.
In the presence of even small amounts of an aldehyde, it turns bright magenta.
When you crush the flowers and buds, they leave a magnificent deep magenta stain.
magenta flower with lighter margins.
magenta cast " is not a hardware printer issue.
magenta boxes have been rejected due to this criteria.
magenta color coming through.
magenta bar at the foot of this page to send us your e-mail address.
Using the Custom Fountain options, set the position 0 color marker to white and the position 100 marker to 100 percent magenta.
Cyan | Magenta | Yellow | Black CMYK printing can reproduce most color photographs very well.
Dogwood and lilac rub shoulders with vigorous shrub roses in magenta and white.
shrub roses in magenta and white.
In the example below, we dragged the magenta color swatch to the middle of the vector arrow to create a richer fill.
(See Magenta, I Visconti e gli Sforza nel castello di Pavia (Milan, 1884), for other medieval plans.) Of the secular buildings the most noteworthy is the university founded by Galeazzo II.
For instance, a magenta red mixed with an ultramarine blue will produce a range of bright violets.
Custom colors are more expensive because the printer must mix primary color combinations of black, blue, magenta and yellow, until he matches the desired color.
The color of the litter changes to varying shades of pale pink to magenta when the pH in a cat's urine is abnormal.
This 62-inch-long love seat from Hearth Song shines in stylish lime green or magenta and features a soft velour texture and tufted seat and back.
Sophisticated colors can range from reserved deep tan to high-powered magenta.
This skin color formula is best with makeup colors that are primary hues of red, mauve and magenta.
From soft and opalescent peach to brilliant magenta, pink is leading the way year round in fashion shows worldwide.
Enrapture lip gloss is available in a hot magenta sprinkled with gold and a hint of raspberry scent or a clear coat with a slight licorice scent that adds a gentle gold shimmery touch to your lips.
ZINK printing uses special paper with embedded dye crystals (yellow, cyan and magenta).
Formal dresses are available in a myriad of colors including white, gold, amethyst, turquoise, magenta, red, mink, silver, navy, indigo, peacock, brown, black, and ruby.
Orchid: A beautiful flowing purple, green, red, or magenta flower.
Beets also tends to bleed profusely when cut, and it's easy to get magenta juice all over your fingers and kitchen equipment when you're working with them.
The flowers, of a bright magenta color, are rather smaller than those of maculata, but average 1 inch in diameter.
Until the second half of this century only white, rose, salmon, and lilac sorts were known; and we are indebted to Mr Fortune for his Chinese varieties, most of which have scarlet, violet, and magenta flowers.
The Chinese A. amoena, with small magenta flowers, common enough in greenhouses, is quite hardy in mild localities and rich in bold masses.
The flowers vary from pale pink to a deep magenta, deepening towards the centre of the flower and from day to day.
Newer varieties are available as a colored compound, like magenta, that turns white when it's completely dry.
You can choose from colors such as Light Jade, Cobalt, Chocolate, Red, Magenta and Purple.
Faux silk dupioni in a two-toned magenta color is a true fashion statement.
It is fully lined and comes in striking magenta.
The demure cut is offset by the bold magenta color, and the lace cups are covered in a beautiful sequin detail.
The magenta edition is considerably bolder and brighter, and as such, is better suited for people with bolder personalities.
Fitting somewhere between the boldness of the magenta phone found at T-Mobile and the lighter colored version at Verizon is the middle-of-the-road pink RAZR from Cingular, which has now become the new AT&T.
This shampoo came in a magenta colored bottle with bright, bubbly lettering on the label.
Some of the hottest fall color trends are purple, magenta, auburn, and burgundy.
Fascination is a bold bright Magenta swimsuit with a plunging halter-style neckline.
There are other shots that seemed to be pulled from advertisements, such as one of her by a barbecue, wearing a retro print bikini in bold shades of magenta, yellow and brown.
The halter top is held together by a gold ring in front, and there are cunning buckles on the solid magenta bottoms.
The Sun and Sand Golden Flower set in magenta and gold is especially attractive, and it comes in a halter top style.
If you love the idea of a vibrant pattern, opt for a dark floral print - think dark green, magenta and red, to name a few shades that will look fantastic during winter.
Red or blue, blue or magenta, continue this type of game until you have narrowed down her preferences.
Pink stones are available in a range of hues, from a very light salmon to an intense, vibrant magenta.
Rubies, pink sapphires, and pink tourmaline are all available in a range of shades from pale rose to vivid magenta.
These make beautiful harmony from magenta and floral print.
She's also quickly proving herself quite the fashion maven, showing up at Nickelodeon's Teen Choice Awards in a sparkling Stella McCartney dress and satin magenta peep-toe heels.
Designed with precision, this cool and pretty Casio Baby G watch for girls comes with purple Scratch resistant mineral crystal, Translucent purple Case and Translucent purple (violet, magenta) translucent design Band.
A special order ink color requires the printer to mix combinations of primary colors of black, cyan (blue), magenta (red) and yellow, until he gets the desired one.
Whether you're an office manager seeking the best prices or someone fed up with shelling out big bucks every time the magenta or cyan cartridge is out, printer toner is actually an important topic.
Color printing uses a mixture of four colors: cyan (a bright blue), magenta (a hot pink), yellow and black.
Choose from pink, magenta, blue pearl, lavender, ivory and black.
Lace-trimmed pointelle chemise in black, magenta or seafoam.
This gown is available in a deep violet magenta, chocolate and sea blue.
Tropical colors include teal, magenta, yellow, green, blue, purple, aqua, and tan, all in bright, fun shades that suggest a lively, exotic setting.
Choose from a range of trendy, fashion-forward hues, like marine blue and magenta frost.