Look at those big gray eyes and that beautiful red hair!
He held out a bottle of red water.
Both breathed hard, and she noticed a red slash across Darian's face.
The sun turned the dunes orange red and then quickly sank, leaving them in pre-moon darkness.
Stout, about the average height, broad, with huge red hands; he did not know, as the saying is, how to enter a drawing room and still less how to leave one; that is, how to say something particularly agreeable before going away.
Alex turned red when Carmen stepped forward.
The only bait he could find was a bright red blossom from a flower; but he knew fishes are easy to fool if anything bright attracts their attention, so he decided to try the blossom.
What she expected to see when she turned was Sarah's white Plymouth, but the car that stopped before the house was Allen's red Eagle Talon.
Don't forget the mess of red hair and freckles.
She has on a pretty red dress.
I have laughed at the poor duck, with the red rag tied round its leg.
"Nonsense!" said the little man, turning red--although just then a ray of violet sunlight was on his round face.
The dusty captain surveyed the gathering with red rimed eyes that came to rest on the Frenchman.
I had another tree friend, gentle and more approachable than the great oak--a linden that grew in the dooryard at Red Farm.
Zach jerked suddenly, knocking his cap off and exposing a scalp full of red hair.
I have watered the red huckleberry, the sand cherry and the nettle-tree, the red pine and the black ash, the white grape and the yellow violet, which might have withered else in dry seasons.
All of them wore eerie red contact lenses.
The room was dark except for the light above Jonny's bed and the red and green lights dotting the machines keeping him alive.
Oddly, it still seemed reasonable even as we coasted through three red lights to get home.
Of course, the little red truck Dad had been drooling over.
The Red Sox were in town to take on the Yankees, a revered experience for us died hard fans.
It was that of a boy carrying a basket of ripe red cherries.
You might remember the story of Kyle MacDonald who famously traded up from one red paperclip to a house, one small exchange at a time between July 2005 and July 2006.
He couldn't focus on the face, but he saw the glowing red eyes.
There was interest in his glowing red eyes, and she rested the palms of her hands on the knives at her belt.
I remember in autumn of '87 thinking it was perfectly reasonable to take the red 1964 Corvair convertible for a test drive, despite its lack of functioning brakes.
She knew her face was as red as his.
Standing at the mailbox, it occurred to her that the red flag would be exactly that for Yancey.
His red shock of hair stood up like a flame as he glared down at her.
She knew her face was getting red, and Brandon wasn't exactly pale.
Just then, an elderly woman emerged from the back of the red brick structure.
After adding a bottom border, she changed to the red icing.
Her hair was fiery red and curly, her frame tall and slender.
From the porch we could see the huddled figure of Howie Abbott sitting under a large red umbrella on the edge of the pier.
Cotton has pretty white and red flowers on it.
He rode hurriedly from the battlefield and returned to the Shevardino knoll, where he sat on his campstool, his sallow face swollen and heavy, his eyes dim, his nose red, and his voice hoarse, involuntarily listening, with downcast eyes, to the sounds of firing.
I saw something red up there in the rocks.
Near at hand, upon the topmost spray of a birch, sings the brown thrasher--or red mavis, as some love to call him--all the morning, glad of your society, that would find out another farmer's field if yours were not here.
Mrs. Marsh's face was white, and her eyes red and swollen, with dark circles under them.
In the ensuing darkness, red and blue lights flashed his shadow on the wet grass.
It was very exciting at that season to roam the then boundless chestnut woods of Lincoln--they now sleep their long sleep under the railroad--with a bag on my shoulder, and a stick to open burs with in my hand, for I did not always wait for the frost, amid the rustling of leaves and the loud reproofs of the red squirrels and the jays, whose half-consumed nuts I sometimes stole, for the burs which they had selected were sure to contain sound ones.
A red brick municipal building stood at the far end of the street ahead of us.
You will notice my braids are tied with yellow, pink, brown, red, green, white and black; but I have no blue ribbons.
In every cell of your body except your red blood cells exists a copy of your DNA.
The general in charge of the stores galloped after the carriage with a red and frightened face, whipping up his skinny horse.
Normally it was a raised area, dark pink, but now it looked red and angry.
"There's enough rock here to build a housing development," she commented as they worked their way across a jumble of flat red rocks.
Looking farther, I was surprised to find that the chips were covered with such combatants, that it was not a duellum, but a bellum, a war between two races of ants, the red always pitted against the black, and frequently two red ones to one black.
The latter, a fresh, rosy officer of the Guards, irreproachably washed, brushed, and buttoned, held his pipe in the middle of his mouth and with red lips gently inhaled the smoke, letting it escape from his handsome mouth in rings.
Corn seasoned with red bell peppers and black beans made a colorful vegetable.
You look like Charles with those red eyes.
The third time that he thrust out the weapon there was a loud roar and a fall, and suddenly at his feet appeared the form of a great red bear, which was nearly as big as the horse and much stronger and fiercer.
She is sitting by me as I write, her face serene and happy, crocheting a long red chain of Scotch wool.
Oh, my mistake, I thought you told me red.
The legions of these Myrmidons covered all the hills and vales in my wood-yard, and the ground was already strewn with the dead and dying, both red and black.
I had often since seen its crumpled red velvety blossom supported by the stems of other plants without knowing it to be the same.
Usually the red squirrel (Sciurus Hudsonius) waked me in the dawn, coursing over the roof and up and down the sides of the house, as if sent out of the woods for this purpose.
All day long the red squirrels came and went, and afforded me much entertainment by their manoeuvres.
Some would find fault with the morning red, if they ever got up early enough.
The second princess had just come from the sickroom with her eyes red from weeping and sat down beside Dr. Lorrain, who was sitting in a graceful pose under a portrait of Catherine, leaning his elbow on a table.
The part of the room behind the columns, with a high silk-curtained mahogany bedstead on one side and on the other an immense case containing icons, was brightly illuminated with red light like a Russian church during evening service.
At the sight of the letter red patches showed themselves on the princess' face.
Red patches appeared on Princess Mary's face and she was silent as if she felt guilty.
Denisov was a small man with a red face, sparkling black eyes, and black tousled mustache and hair.
Rostov, growing red and pale alternately, looked first at one officer and then at the other.
A woman with an unweaned baby, an old woman, and a healthy German girl with bright red cheeks were sitting on some feather beds.
Nesvitski looked round and saw, some fifteen paces away but separated by the living mass of moving infantry, Vaska Denisov, red and shaggy, with his cap on the back of his black head and a cloak hanging jauntily over his shoulder.
Several battalions of soldiers, in their shirt sleeves despite the cold wind, swarmed in these earthworks like a host of white ants; spadefuls of red clay were continually being thrown up from behind the bank by unseen hands.
Prince Andrew, walking beside Bagration, could clearly distinguish their bandoliers, red epaulets, and even their faces.
He kept closing his eyes and then again looking at the fire, which seemed to him dazzlingly red, and at the feeble, round-shouldered figure of Tushin who was sitting cross-legged like a Turk beside him.
Irresistible drowsiness overpowered him, red rings danced before his eyes, and the impression of those voices and faces and a sense of loneliness merged with the physical pain.
He paused, his face turning a darker shade of red.
She claims a red headed young guy took real good care of her, fed her and let her play video games.
I immediately knew where I was; on the carousel because I was spinning slowly around while blue and red lights revolved around the room.
Red crept up her features, and she looked away.
"I don't do one night stands, Dusty," she said, face red again.
The man's face was red with shame this time.
Her swirling silver eyes were red with tears.
The devil reached over to Darian, placing a hand on his red forehead.
In that moment, she almost felt a human connection to the creature with the red eyes.
She recognized Damian and Darian as they neared and crept closer to Jule at the sight of the strange man with red glowing eyes.
Her blood was a slash of stark red against a white marble floor.
It forms dark red crystals isomorphous with ferrous sulphate, and readily soluble in water.
The ends of the wooden legs were shod with plates of solid gold, and the saddle of the Princess Ozma, which was of red leather set with sparkling diamonds, was strapped to the clumsy body.
A tall man who wore a long red cloak seemed to be the leader of the company.
I do miss Red Farm and the dear ones there dreadfully; but I am not unhappy.
It began to pull and tug, and lo, the wires broke, and off went the great red dragon, and poor Dr. Bell stood looking forlornly after it.
She has made me repeat the story of little Red Riding Hood so often that I believe I could say it backward.
Some were red, some white, and others pale pink, and they were just peeping out of the green leaves, as rosy-faced children peep out from their warm beds in wintertime before they are quite willing to get up.
Some were red, some white, and others were delicate pink, and they were peeping out from between the green leaves like beautiful little fairies.
Perhaps this was a confused recollection of the story I had heard not long before about Red Riding Hood.
The officer's face was red and perspiring and his eyes glittered under his frowning brow.
While the troops, dividing into two parts when passing around the Kremlin, were thronging the Moskva and the Stone bridges, a great many soldiers, taking advantage of the stoppage and congestion, turned back from the bridges and slipped stealthily and silently past the church of Vasili the Beatified and under the Borovitski gate, back up the hill to the Red Square where some instinct told them they could easily take things not belonging to them.
She must look a sight with red swollen eyes.
Twelve dollars later I was let off at a shabby red brick building in a section of town where no tour busses stop.
And this … thing—" Damian indicated the man with red eyes "—is Charles.
It was the only battle which I have ever witnessed, the only battle-field I ever trod while the battle was raging; internecine war; the red republicans on the one hand, and the black imperialists on the other.
She flushed, her beautiful eyes grew dim, red blotches came on her face, and it took on the unattractive martyrlike expression it so often wore, as she submitted herself to Mademoiselle Bourienne and Lise.
Felipa smiled as she expertly tied a big red bow.
Her eyes were red, her red hair wet and disheveled, and she wore a flannel bathrobe and was barefoot.
One logical candidate was the offspring of Edith Plotke and Josh Mulligan: someone forty years old, perhaps a red head.
Her hand shot out before Dean could see it, slapping him across the face so hard four finger prints glowed in red on his cheek.
She's gonna be as disappointed as a Red Sox fan in September.
Dean crossed his fingers that bureaucracy would take some time in unsnarling its spaghetti of red tape and Martha would remain in a back corner of their interest.
It was a green tin, with a red spot on it.
It was as Martha described—green, with the familiar Lucky Strike label in red at the center.
Her eyes went to the strange red chili lights dangling around the edge of the kitchen.
Deidre's face flamed red once more.
The perfect bow of her mouth appeared red, roughened and plump from kisses.
Harmony was tall and willowy with red hair and green eyes.
Maybe it was the wild red hair.
Again the red headed man crossed her mind.
The red headed man stood in front of her, lust in his eyes and smile.
He tried to talk and coughed bright red foam.
Another vehicle came down the hill, a red flashing light attached to the top.
He had red hair.
He had red hair and drove a blue truck – I think maybe an old Ford, but it might have been a Chevy.
At the house, she washed her hands, watching the water turn red and swirl down the drain.
A man was waiting for me at the old house - a man with red hair.
Carmen dreamed all night about being chased by a dog with red hair.
"Ouch!" she said, drawing her hand back to examine the red spot created by the pinch.
Heidi, Little Red Riding Hood – I wish you'd get your characters straight.
Deidre saw the strange flash of a red, glowing tattoo on the lady's exposed neck.
She met his gaze at last, a red flush creeping across her face.
For the second time in as many days, she thought she saw red tattoos flash.
You know those Christmas lights that are shaped like red chili peppers?
What appeared to be red wine was squeezed out of the bath mat at the weight of her step.
The boy's face turned red.
She spent a grueling hour putting up the string of red lights in the kitchen and stepped back to admire her work.
Frustrated, Katie looked both directions down the pristine, eerily quiet hallway before following the kid toward the far end, where a bright red exit sign hung over the door.
He crossed to the wet bar for two glasses, one with red wine and the other with whiskey.
She looked from the computer screen to the phone with the flashing red light.
A man walked calmly through the crowd, strange red tattoos glowing all over his body, similar to the tattoos she'd seen on David Kingsly's neck when he invited her to the gala.
Red flashlights blurred before her eyes.
The word "HOSTEL" was emblazoned across the side of what looked like a large red barn/bar in the center of the village.
Some of the tattoos of the dead still glowed, the eerie red tribal patterns punctuating the landscape.
She staggered toward it, stumbled, then fell through it and landed flat on her back on a familiar, faded red rug.
Hannah paused a few doors down along the wide, tall corridor with plush red rugs and gilded cornices.
The jaguar winced but kept its grip, and Toby.s blood turned the snow beneath them red.
The stark red of blood against white snow caught his attention, and he circled the park behind the castle.
He smelled the ocean and stood on a beach of red sand edged with small
He walked up the beach and into the shrubs, finding a path that led to a small village of red cottages.
The healers. village consisted of several dozen cottages around a central square, in which many of the village.s people gathered and talked or cooked meals over red flames.
Fury turned her face bright red.
Hannah peeked from the bathroom door, her normally neat hair mussed and her eyes red from crying.
His white hair was streaked red with blood, his roving gaze tired.
Her face grew red at his easy dismissal of his youngest brother.
It was soaked through and dried with blood and his exposed skin was tinted red.
She looked down, and he noticed for the first time one of her cheeks was red.
His gaze went to her neck, his resolve solidifying at the sight of her exhausted features and red cheek.
Snow fell from the sky to be either burned by the pyre or to cover the red mess that was the rest of the park.
The woman.s hair was red with blood, and her face clammy, but she appeared to be alive.
At their silence, Jade.s face went red and his eyes blazed.
Kiera settled at an uncomfortable angle, the sandpapery red roofing snagging her polyester disco clothing and preventing her from sliding over the nearby edge of the three-story row house.
Romas's people were fair skinned with light hair in varying shades of blond and red.
A blue planet, two thrones, a hacienda-style dwelling, an older man and woman, fire in the sky, a red planet, war.
Kiera offered a smile and hurried past them, heart pounding and face red with embarrassment.
Kiera felt her cheeks grow red.
"I know," she said, growing red.
Her eyes welled with tears, and she ducked her head, turning white, then red.
It was a planet, dusty red, as if it were nothing but dry desert.
The red planet beneath her was drawing closer.
There was nothing on the red planet, no signs of buildings, no life.
She planted her hand on the red ground and counted to ten, until she felt the tickle of blades of grass beneath her hand.
She heard no signs of war but saw the distant night sky light up with orange and red flashes.
She looked in the direction where orange and red lights had bloomed earlier.
More of the red tape of running a lodging establishment.
He's not going to get her committed without a few miles of red tape but just the threat of a lockup could drag her back to old Virginia.
No other guests were due to arrive for a few days and with the housework up to date, thanks to the temporary help of Janet, the Deans decided to try out the fresh snow on the cross country trails on Red Mountain.
Eight miles from Ouray, but still four miles from the summit of Red Mountain Pass, the road leveled out.
The couple drove over the narrow wooden bridge that spanned Red Mountain Creek, and joined two other cars in the small parking area.
Then she added, "He had on a red plaid flannel shirt and jeans."
His ears were turning red.
It was five years ago with a lithe red head named Ellen for a Vermont weekend.
A blue-green tint shone through the sunlight while frozen waterfalls, hanging from the upstream cliffs, bore a hint of the rust-orange hue from the natural deposits of Red Mountain above.
A hundred years ago, Edith might have joined Annie, smiling her nights away at the Red Hat Saloon.
Vanoli's Gold Belt Theater was the place that got the most attention, but he owned The Roma that Annie mentions, plus saloons up in Red Mountain and I guess other places.
He was raised on a South Carolina farm by a red neck father who didn't have two cotton balls to rub together.
A typical year saw four hundred inches of snow fall atop Red Mountain, a hundred and seventy-five inches in Ouray, and perhaps a foot in Montrose, all within fifty miles.
As he came out of the trees and crossed the bridge, he passed the sheriff 's car and emergency vehicles, their bubble gum lights still turning red or blue in the thickening snow.
Weller squirmed his large frame around, reaching into his pocket, retrieving first a handkerchief, then a set of keys and eventually a red Swiss Army knife.
A small red sports car skidded to a stop in front of Bird Song as Dean dismounted his bike.
A tiny red haired woman, under five feet, Dean guessed, emerged from the vehicle that bore Colorado license plates.
Fred picked up a pair of children's cross country skies from an ad in the paper and the group spent a number of after school afternoons on Red Mountain utilizing the free trails at Ironton.
The old man picked at his red suspenders.
It was bronze in the dream, not red, and Freckle's hair was Irish red.
He paced around the parking lot for a few minutes cursing the first woman to ever deny him, and then stormed back into the bar, grabbed the red head, forced her to look into his eyes and growled, "You will not scream."
He raced into the woods with the red head in tow, then stopped and viciously bit into her neck.
He laughed and thought, Guess I could've brought the red Testarossa.
The palette before her encompassed every hue on the color wheel from bright yellow to crimson red.
She turned bright red and cringed.
He held her head in his hands, locked eyes with her and commanded, "Your favorite color is red."
In America, the proceeds went to The Red Cross.
I thought I would go as the big bad wolf, if you'll be my little red riding hood?
I'm thinking something red.
This is currently my favorite red car.
It still held about half of its bright red leaves.
His eyes landed on a perfect Little Red Riding Hood, right down to the ankle socks and patent leather Mary Janes.
The band broke into "Hey There Little Red Riding Hood".
We're not done yet, Red.
Please give generously to the American Red Cross.
A red McLaren Spyder with a huge white bow on top sat in front of the house.
He will have a blanket of red each fall.
He poured carbonated red grape juice into a long-stemmed glass and set the bottle back in the refrigerator.
Blue eyes flashed in a face staining quickly with red.
It took an instant for her eyes to adjust to the dim coop interior, and then she found herself staring into the desperate eyes of a red fox.
At the restaurant, Alex whipped the car in between Josh's gray truck and Lori's little red sports car.
Alex held a chair for Lori, and Josh glanced uncomfortably at Carmen, running a hand through unruly red hair as he spoke under his breath in a sarcastic tone.
His teeth flashed pink in the red glow of the taillights.
He kicked his chair aside, his face growing red with anger.
His neck was red and for the first time since she had met him, he didn't have a quick answer.
He stared at her, his neck growing red.
She gazed up into his angry red face, knowing she had gone one step too far.
His face turned red.
And then she saw the red dog running through the trees.
Suddenly Brutus was at her side again, lunging to meet the red dog.
His neck turned red.
The major cities in the East hit by nukes were marked in red with concentric circles that faded to orange, yellow, and finally green as they stretched west.
The doorframe was red, indicating it was locked.
Sparks and blue fire erupted around the door until it glowed red.
Brady looked from the injured man to the streaks of red in the sky, which were answered by two more streaks to the north.
Brady turned in the direction indicated and yanked open the door to a dark room with a glowing red floor.
Heat then red light washed over them.
Two more men in blue appeared, trailed by two in pale red leading a self-propelled gurney.
Instead, he watched red creep up Dan's face.
His face was red, his voice hoarse from shouting.
Her gaze went again to the pool of blood, then to the thick swath of red marking the trail of the dead man.
Emergency lighting glowed red, turning the world inside the broken helo surreal.
Lana followed them into the medical facility after a quick look around, not recognizing the flat landscape and distant red rocks surrounding the canyon in which they'd landed.
The tree obliged and lowered one of the low hanging branches to Toby's level.  He plucked a few of the red, tart berries and popped them in his mouth.
Stopping at a red light, she looked over at me.
I found a bright red one.
The red would stand out.
Rows of red tulips stood like sentinels along the walkway, struggling to survive against the encroachment of summer.
One more red conviction star could go on Lieutenant Anderson's chart.
For the first hour of his trip to the airport, Dean's vision was restricted to two red eyes of the taillights in front of him, glaring out of a haze as thick as chowder.
The 32-year-old detective with bright red crew cut and opened-collar sports shirt looked as if nothing short of a catastrophe would cause him a lick of concern.
Although Hunter had been born in North Carolina—on 16 acres of red mud, as he described it—he'd moved to Norfolk in high school and never left.
Sackler sounded ready to look them up and hand them Vinnie with a red bow around his neck.
"Heaven's where cats don't shed and the Red Sox win in October—not a dead-end job and money problems," Fred offered.
Dean knew the Parkside Sentinel would be going full steam later in the day, so he stopped by the red brick building on his way to work.
The little girl was a beauty: her blond curls were pinned with a bright red ribbon and her white dress had a red sash about the waist.
He revived Cynthia and wrapped her tightly in a bright red blanket, stark contrast to her blanched pallor.
When Cynthia Byrne finally stopped crying, she wiped her eyes on the corner of the red blanket.
No, Mabel, that ain't no bright red sweater on the guy in the corner!
Mascara ran in muddy little rivulets down her cheeks, and her eyes were as red as a three-day drunk.
Then she pushed away from Dean and looked straight at him with red and swollen eyes.
When he returned, Fred com­mented Dean's left cheek looked kinda red.
Betty had murmured something about jogging, kissed him on the nose, wiggled on her meager duds and left the tent, with the flap open just enough to admit the predawn chill and a red glow that would soon be sunrise.
The shock of red hair on the top of his head was unruly, as if he had been running his fingers through it.
A Red Tailed Hawk soared overhead, banking off to the left and then right, searching for a rabbit or squirrel bold enough to show itself.
Her eyes must be swollen and red.
One face stood out, a shock of unruly red hair waving in the wind.
When she came into the kitchen with a basket of fresh eggs, he jumped up from his chair and turned red.
Fall, brief as it was, turned the hills bright red and yellow.
A red fox was stocking a cottontail.
He stepped into the room and removed his hat, running a hand through an unruly shock of red hair.
She hit every red light on the way and arrived at the airport fifteen minutes later than she had anticipated.
The handprint was a bright red blotch on his pale face as he stared down at her.
Her eyes were swollen and red, and there were dark circles under them.
His face was pale except for the red handprint.
What if the baby had red hair?
Grandpa Pulock had red hair!
The doctor turned red at her acidic tone and glanced at his chart.
Alex swung around, his eyes red rimmed.
He shifted uncomfortably and his neck turned a darker shade of red.
Fall painted the hills in splashes of orange, red and yellow.
As they entered the yard, Carmen noticed Lori's little red sports car.
Lori was sitting on the porch swing, a red welt on one cheek.
Lori was pale and her eyes were swollen and red.
Lori pointed at the red spot on her cheek.
Destiny's little fists were waving and her face was getting red.
It was blood red, casting a shadow the color of blood over the immortal world.
The sun was red.
Even the red sun couldn't dampen her mood.
His eyes were red as if he'd been crying, and his clothing was streaked with blood.
His eyes glowed red.
Jule's mate, Yully, was frozen before the open fridge, her eyes wide and red curls bound loosely at her neck.
Sofi looked up, meeting his red gaze.
The Black God's face flashed bright red.
Xander shifted from across the room, his red eyes punctuating the darkness.
Her eyes were rimmed with red, and her aura was beyond agitated.
My entries start where the red string is.
Her world grew red then black while he smashed through her memories.
The former vamp's baleful look remained, but his eyes were blue, not red.
The creature she least wanted to see stood before her, eyes glowing red.
Xander's red eyes went to the unconscious god.
His normally cool features were red, his black eyes flashing.
Taran's jaw tightened as he took in the right side of her face, which blazed red as if struck.
Rissa was beautiful, even with her eyes rimmed in red.
One of them wore a sash of red and black, a youth his age hiding behind him.
He took the narrow stairs two at a time and reached the top, hacking down a man with his face painted in Memon's colors of black and red.
It was a sorrel gelding named Red.
He met her gaze and his neck turned red.
Alex looked away, his neck growing red.
He blinked and his neck turned red.
Her eyes were swollen and red.
Sam halted Red and dismounted gracefully.
Still, it was a red flag to what could have happened.
He ran a powerful hand through thick hair that still held a touch of red.
People with green eyes and red hair are supposed to have freckles.
She parked her gray Thunderbird behind Denton's bright red sports car and climbed the steps to the porch.
By the time the sun shot its first orange rays over the horizon, she was driving the little red sports car out of town.
The little red car might be inappropriate, but it would suffice.
She examined her palms, already red and painful from the unaccustomed exercise.
Little red bumps were coming up around her waistline and on her ankles.
She modestly lifted her shirt a little and gently pulled the waistband down far enough to reveal the angry red bumps.
Well, they're little red...
He touched his fingers to the red hand print on his face.
The amber eyes flashed with little flecks of red.
Clarissa sat her chair like a queen on a throne, the toe of a red pump and a white plaster clad foot peeping out from under her long gown.
The lady in the red dress?
The two times in his life he recalled people seeing his eyes – which glowed like the red gem at his mother's throat – were not pleasant.
His gaze settled on the only piece of jewelry she owned, a red gem that matched his eyes on a strip of leather around her neck.
Inside was the red gem, Xander's only belonging, that he'd kept once his mother died.
His eyes flashed bright red, his arms gesturing to the world around as he spoke.
With Xander incensed, he wasn't aware of the trickle of power she pushed into the red gem in her hand.
Red fog filled the air around him.
The smoke funneled into the red ruby, disappearing into its depths.
Its glowing red eyes narrowed into slits then closed.
Your goal is to steal a necklace with a red gem on it.
The room was never fully illuminated by the red lights embedded in the ceiling.
The stage kitchen was dark, except for red candles around the counter area where he did the prep for whatever he was making.
What kind of cat had red eyes?
His muscular body took up the doorway, hands on his hips and strange red contacts glowing.
Xander saw the signs then, the red on her face and the slight tremble of her hands.
He changed directions and pulled on loose judo pants that settled low on his hips before replacing the red gem at his throat.
She met his strange red gaze.
He held out a black cord with a red gem.
She entered the dark, sensual bedroom once again and accepted the necklace with the rough, round red ruby at its center.
Does he wear those red contacts all the time?
His eerie red eyes swept over her again before he slid away, out of the kitchen.
Laurencin's assistant took Jessi's arm before she could see how red Toni's face turned.
His fangs were red from blood.
It struck her that the red eyes weren't contacts and the four inch incisors weren't implants.
Its eyes were the same color red as Xander's.
He led them towards the massive red barn at the center of the buildings.
His red gaze was piercing.
The interior was sleek and dark, clashing with the cherry red exterior.
Xander was everywhere, from posters on the wall, stacks of books he'd allegedly written, even a red carpet entrance flanked by adoring female fans and photographers.
Jessi glimpsed Xander's eyes as they flared red.
While it was huge and red from the outside, the inside resembled a boxing gym with several rings, training equipment and a wall of mirrors.
Red crept up Jenn's face, and her eyes glittered.
His jaw was roughened, his red eyes glowing.
Jessi sat frozen, unable to fathom that the simple red gem was capable of such magic.
The glowing red eyes of the vamp-cat drew her attention.
His senses picked up on the Guardians and Gods gathered in the red barn.
His jaw was ticking, his eyes rimmed with red.
His gaze went to the red gem between her breasts.
She grabbed a handful of beads and dumped them into the bin, stopping when the flash of red caught her attention.
Jessi dug out the round, flat red crystal.
Ashley's bead was lighter red in color, its surface glazed to give it a subtle reflecting quality.
There were five in the foyer, men whose eyes glowed red like Xander's.
Moonlight reflected off the red gem.
Red dust trickled from Xander's hand as he crushed the gem.
Someone shouted something, and she looked up, staring at the massive red cloud that was forming above them.
The air bent around him as his power unfurled in a red haze.
The air was filled with electricity and the battlefield a mix of red fog and purple lightening.
She bolted into the red and purple mess.
The look on Jessi's face when he'd crushed the red beads disturbed him.
Red fog blocked her for a second.
The same breeze giving the curtains heartburn tossed her hair around, and she pushed it aside, a flash of red making her gasp.
Skinny with a crooked nose, her eyes glowed red, too, and her frown was apparent.
If 127 parts of iodine, which is an almost black solid, and loo parts of mercury, which is a white liquid metal, be intimately mixed by rubbing them together in a mortar, the two substances wholly disappear, and we obtain instead a brilliant red powder quite unlike the iodine or the mercury; almost the only property that is unchanged is the weight.
The atomist has an easy answer; he says that the new body is made up by the juxtaposition of the atoms of iodine and mercury, which still exist in the red powder.
His opponent would be disposed to say that the iodine and the mercury ceased to exist when the red powder was formed, that they were components but not constituents of it.
Metallic cobalt may be obtained by reduction of the oxide or chloride in a current of hydrogen at a red heat, or by heating the oxalate, under a layer of powdered glass.
It decomposes steam at a red heat, and slowly dissolves in dilute hydrochloric and sulphuric acids, but more readily in nitric acid.
The soluble salts are, when in the hydrated condition, also red, but in the anhydrous condition are blue.
The hydrated salt forms rose-red prisms, readily soluble in water to a red solution, and in alcohol to a blue solution.
The iodide, Co12, is produced by heating cobalt and iodine together, and forms a greyish-green mass which dissolves readily in water forming a red solution.
The houses of the city are built of stone, their walls commonly showing the massive masonry of the Incas at the bottom, crowned with a light modern superstructure roofed with red tiles.
Its houses are usually one-storeyed, built of adobe and roofed with red tiles; its public buildings are among the finest in Central America.
had much of the churchmanship of Godfrey and Baldwin I.; but he appears most decidedly as an incessant warrior, under whom the Latin domination in the East stretched, as Ibn al-Athir writes, in a long line from Mardin in the North to el-Arish on the Red Sea - a line only broken by the Mahommedan powers of Aleppo, Hamah, Horns and Damascus.
Arbois is well known for its red and white wines, and has saw-mills, tanneries and market gardens, and manufactures paper, oil and casks.
In the first place, with a given size of particles, the direction of complete polarization indicated by (23) is a function of the colour of the light, the value of 0 being 3 or 4 times as large for the violet as for the red end of the spectrum.
If we begin with a blue glass, we may observe the gradually increasing obliquity of the direction of maximum polarization; and then by exchanging the blue glass for a red one, we may revert to the original condition of things, and observe the transition from perpendicularity to obliquity over again.
The transition from blue to orange or red at sunset is usually through green, but exceptional conditions may easily disturb the normal state of things.
Her plumage, with exception of the wings and tail, which are of a dull red, is light-olive above and brownish-yellow beneath.
It consisted of a short skirted coat with rows of metal buttons, a tricoloured waistcoat and red cap, and became the popular dress of the Jacobins.
The colour and appearance differ in the two cases, red predominating in a positive, blue in a negative discharge.
On the Tongking side this trade follows the Red River route as far as Manhao, which is distant from Mengtsze about 40 m., though the navigation of the river is difficult.
Among the shrubs and vines are the blackberry, black and red raspberry, gooseberry, huckleberry, hazel and grape.
In the medieval inventories are sometimes found albae, described as red, blue or black; which has led to the belief that albs were sometimes not only made of stuffs other than linen, but were coloured.
In the Armenian and Coptic rites the vestment is often elaborately embroidered; in the other rites the only ornament is a cross high in the middle of the back, save in the case of bishops of the Orthodox Church, whose sticharia are ornamented with two vertical red stripes (7rorayof, " rivers").
Their power extended far into Arabia, particularly along the Red Sea; and Petra was a meeting-place of many nations, though its commerce was diminished by the rise of the Eastern trade-route from Myoshormus to Coptos on the Nile.
All are built in the Doric style, of the local porous stone, which is of a warm red brown colour, full of fossil shells and easily corroded when exposed to the air.
In the Barbargia the men have a white shirt, a black or red waistcoat and black or red coat, often with open sleeves; the cut and decorations of these vary considerably in the different districts.
Bright colours (especially red) are frequent, and the white chemise is an integral part of the dress.
LICHEN (lichen Tuber), in medical terminology, a papular disease of the skin, consisting of an eruption in small thickly set, slightly elevated red points, more or less widely distributed over the body, and accompanied by slight febrile symptoms.
Marble terraces and balustrades surround the tank, and a marble causeway leads across the water to the temple, whose gilded walls, roof, dome and cupolas, with vivid touches of red curtains, are reflected in the still water.
A third colour-phase, the "erythristic" or red, is represented by the sandy cat, the female of which takes the form of the "tortoise-shell," characterized, curiously enough, by the colour being a blend of black, white, and sandy.
are Cartland Craigs, where Mouse Water runs through a precipitous red sandstone ravine, the sides of which are about 400 ft.
A short distance south of the city is Red Mountain, 25 m.
It consists of a white felt cap, a long white tunic bound with a red girdle, white linen trousers and opinki, or sandals.
The chief rivers emptying into Lake Winnipeg are the Winnipeg, the Red and the Saskatchewan.
The Assiniboine river enters the Red river 45 m.
The Red river is at intervals subject to freshets.
Steamers run from Grand Rapids, through Lake Winnipeg, up Red river to the city of Winnipeg, important locks having been constructed on the river at St Andrews.
The region of the Red River and Assiniboine valleys was opened up by the fur traders, who came by the waterways from Lake Superior, and afterwards by the water communication with Hudson Bay.
While these early traders used the canoe and the York boat,' yet the steam-boat played an important part in the early history of the region from 1868 till 1885, when access from the United States was gained by steamers down the Red River.
The first connexion with the United States was by two railways coming down the Red River valley.
In October 1738 he built another at Fort Rouge, at the junction of the Red and Assiniboine rivers, where is now the city of Winnipeg.
Suitable proportions of materials to form a rust joint are 90 parts by weight of iron borings well mixed with 2 parts of flowers of sulphur, and I part of powdered sal-ammoniac. Another joint, less rigid but sound and durable, is made with yarn and white and red lead.
The white and red lead are mixed together to form a putty, and are filled into the socket alternately with layers of well-caulked yarn, starting with yarn and finishing off with the lead mixture.
The severe west front is relieved by three rows of semicircular arches, and has a central porch (there were at one time three) supported by huge red marble lions, sculptured no doubt with the rest of the façade by Giovanni Bono da Bissone in 1281.
The whole structure is composed of red and grey Verona marble.
Its bright red beak, the bare bluish skin surrounding its large grey eyes, and the tufts of elongated feathers springing vertically from its lores, give it a pleasing and animated expression; but its plumage generally is of an inconspicuous ochreous grey above and dull white beneath, - the feathers of the upper parts, which on the neck and throat are long and loose, being barred by fine zigzag markings of dark brown, while those of the lower parts are more or less striped.
The legs are red.
The food of the adult is almost exclusively animal, - insects, especially large ants, snails, lizards and snakes, but it also eats certain large red berries.
It has two important branches - at the south-west the Gulf of Aden, connecting with the Red Sea through the strait of Bab-elMandeb; and at the north-west the Gulf of Oman, connecting with the Persian Gulf.
He reached Moscow on the 15th of May, prepared "to lay down his life for the tsar," and at once proceeded to the head of the Red Staircase to meet and argue with the assembled stryeltsi, who had been instigated to rebel by the anti-Petrine faction.
The chestnut covers considerable areas in Prigord, Limousin and Beam; resinotis trees (firs, pines, larches, &c.) form fine forests in the Vosges and The indigenous fauna include the bear, now very rare but still found in the Alps and Pyrenees, the wolf, harbouring chiefly in the Cvennes and Vosges, but in continually decreasing areas; the fox, marten, badger, weasel, otter, the beaver in the extreme south of the Rhne valley, and in the Alps the marmot; the red deer and roe deer are preserved in many of the forests, and the wild boar is found in several districts; the chamois and wild goat survive in the Pyrenees and Alps.
Manufactu red Articles 2
Their produce has gradually decreased since the 17th century, and is now unimportant, but sulphate of copper, iron pyrites, and some gold, silver, sulphur and sulphuric acid, and red ochre are also produced.
In aqueous solution it gives a red colour with ferric chloride.
It does not react with the alkali metals, but combines with magnesium at a low red heat to form a boride, and with other metals at more or less elevated temperatures.
It reduces many metallic oxides, such as lead monoxide and cupric oxide, and decomposes water at a red heat.
It is decomposed by water, and with a solution of yellow phosphorus in carbon bisulphide it gives a red powder of composition PBI 2, which sublimes in vacuo at 210° C. to red crystals, and when heated in a current of hydrogen loses its iodine and leaves a residue of boron phosphide PB.
the eurhodines, toluylene red, indulines and safranines.
The symmetrical diaminophenazine is the parent substance of the important dyestuff toluylene red or dimethyldiaminotoluphenazine.
It is obtained by the oxidation of orthophenylene diamine with ferric chloride; when a mixture of para-aminodimethylaniline and meta-toluylenediamine is oxidized in the cold, toluylene blue, an indamine, being formed as an intermediate product and passing into the red when boiled; and also by the oxidation of dimethylparaphenylene diamine with metatoluylene diamine.
It is known commercially as neutral red.
A curious property is to be observed when a crystal of pharmacosiderite is placed in a solution of ammonia - in a few minutes the green colour changes throughout the whole crystal to red; on placing the red crystal in dilute hydrochloric acid the green colour is restored.
This and some other lizards have power to change their colour, not only from light to dark, but over some portions of their bodies, from yellow to grey or red.
Its colours are beautiful, pink and red with a silvery gloss; but the male as it grows old takes on a singular deformity of the head, with a swelling in the shape of a monstrous human-like nose.
The so-called red garnet, a pretty fish, with hues of carmine and blue stripes on its head, is much esteemed for the table.
There are also several extremely valuable soft timbers, the principal being red cedar (Cedrela Toona), silky oak (Grevillea robusta), beech and a variety of teak, with several important species of pine.
The red gum forests of the Murray valley and the pine forests bordering the Great Plains are important and valuable.
1.18 Red iron-bark..
917 Red gum.
The " flame tree " is a most conspicuous feature of an Illawarra landscape, the largest racemes of crimson red suggesting the name.
They are drawn in red, blue and yellow.
Bettany, The Red, Brown and Black Men of Australia (1890); B.
The " Endeavour " then coasted northward, and after passing and naming Mount Dromedary, the Pigeon House, Point Upright, Cape St George and Red Point, Botany Bay was discovered on the 28th of April 1770, and as it appeared to offer a suitable anchorage, the " Endeavour " entered the bay and dropped anchor.
After the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883, a remarkable series of red sunsets appeared all over the world.
This project, differing from others that had been previously presented or that were in opposition to it, provided for a direct communication between the Mediterranean and the Red Sea.
A variety occurring as thin red scales at Siegen in Westphalia is known as Rubinglimmer or pyrrhosiderite (from Gr.
The church of St Mary and St Nicholas is a cruciform building in red sandstone, of the Decorated and Perpendicular periods, with a central octagonal tower.
nearly to the centre of Vermont; and a series of broken uplifts, known as the Red Sandrock Mountains, extend farther N.
The Red Sandrock Mountains are similar to one another in form and structure, generally rounded on the N.
There are some porcupines, red foxes, minks and martens, but the moose, wolf and lynx are practically extinct.
There are important quarries in Franklin (disambiguation)|Franklin county (at Swanton), the stone being a dark Chazy limestone, in which pink and red ("jasper," "lyonnaise" and "royal red") marbles of Cambrian age are found.
quarry from which other red marbles are taken; and at Roxbury, Washington county, a fine serpentine, called "green marble," or verde antique, is quarried.
Aston Hall, erected by Sir Thomas Holte in 1618-1635, is an admirable architectural example of its period, built of red brick.
9 a red clay.
A fault divides the latter from the mass of red-brown Old Red Sandstone that spreads south nearly to Enniskillen.
Many inscriptions and ancient fragments may be seen built into the houses; in front of the Madonna delle Grazie is a bull in red Egyptian granite, and in the Piazza Papiniano the fragments of two Egyptian obelisks erected in A.D.
The young trees require protection from storms and late frosts even more than in England; the red pine of the north-eastern states, Pinus resinosa, answers well as a nurse, but the pitch pine and other species may be employed.
The red oak, Q.
Common throughout the northern and middle states and Canada, the red oak attains a large size only on good soils; the wood is of little value, being coarse and porous, but it is largely used for cask-staves; the bark is a valuable tanning material.
coccinea, often confounded with the red oak, but with larger leaves, with long lobes ending in several acute points; they change to a brilliant scarlet with the first October frosts, giving one of the most striking of the various glowing tints that render the American forests so beautiful in autumn.
Mr Robertson catalogues a number of valuable timbers that are obtained there, among them being Tremana, cedar, rose-wood, iron-wood (red and white), box-wood, sandal and white oak.
The public buildings are mostly constructed of broken stone and mortar, plastered outside and covered with red tiles, but the common dwellings are generally constructed of tapiarough trellis-work walls filled in with mud.
in the " Deeps," the Globigerina ooze gradually gives place to red clay.
The dry wind from the Sahara called harmattan, which carries great quantities of fine red sand, causes a fall of temperature in the (European) summer.
These last have a white or reddish ground, with ornamentation in blue, red, brown or black, and are of much better manufacture than the modern pottery of the country.
The poles are of red fir, creosoted, this method of preservation being the only one now used for this purpose in the United Kingdom.
Cadmium vapour decomposes water at a red heat, with liberation of hydrogen, and formation of the oxide of the metal.
It is uniformly green or more or less spotted, blotched or suffused with red or crimson, or sometimes, as in N.
On the 10th of March the garrison of Alessandria mutinied, and its example was followed on the 12th by that of Turin, where the Spanish constitution was demanded, and the black, red and blue flag of the Carbonari paraded the Streets.
In February 1831 these provinces rose, raised the red, white and green tricolor (which henceforth took the place of the Carbonarist colors as the Italian flag), and shook off the papal yoke with surprising ease.1 At Parma too there was an outbreak and a demand for the constitution; Marie Louise could not grant it because of her engagements with Austria, and, therefore, abandoned her dominions.
The convention was kept secret, pital but the last clause leaked out and caused the bitterest arr as- feeling among the people of Turin, who would have asf red to been resigned to losing the capital provided it were La ~rence, transferred to Rome, but resented the fact that it was un to be established in any other city, and that the conntion was made without consulting parliament.
commerce at Genoa had urged the Lanza cabinet to establish a commercial depot on the Red Sea.
On the 20th of September 1881 Beheran formally accepted Italian protection, and in the following February an Anglo-Italian convention established the Italian title to Assab on condition that Italy should formally recognise the suzerainty of the Porte and of the khedive over the Red Sea coast, and should prevent the transport of arms and munitions of war through the territory of Assab.
About the same time Mancini was informed by the Italian agent in Cairo that Great Britain would be well disposed towards an extension of Italian influence on the Red Sea coast.
The occupation, effected on the 5th of February, was accelerated by fear lest Italy might be forestalled by France or Russia, both of which powers were suspected of desiring to establish themselves firmly on the Red Sea and to exercise a protectorate over Abyssinia.
In artistic representations, Brahma usually appears as a bearded man of red colour with four heads crowned with a pointed, tiara-like head-dress, and four hands holding his sceptre, or a sacrificial spoon, a bundle of leaves representing the Veda, a bottle of water of the Ganges, and a string of beads or his bow Parivita.
The hair varies from a sooty black to dark and light brown and red.
Yellow and red ochre mixed with grease are coarsely smeared over the bodies, grey in coarse patterns and white in fine patterns resembling tattoo marks.
The city lies in a fertile valley shut in by vine-clad hills, and the picturesque red sandstone buildings of the old town are interspersed with orchards and gardens.
Most of the charitable institutions - for instance, the convalescent home, fever hospital, home for girls and Red House home - are situated at Inveresk, about 12 m.
This beautiful material presents a great diversity of tints, but a rich hyacinth red is common.
It has even been supposed that amber passed from Sicily to northern Europe in early times - a supposition said to receive some support from the fact that much of the amber dug up in Denmark is red; but it must not be forgotten that reddish amber is found also on the Baltic, though not being fashionable it is used rather for varnish-making than for ornaments.
Precipitate, red, and all oxides of mercury.
Any poisonous substance that is not included in the schedules can be sold by anyone, as, for instance, red lead, sulphate of copper, &c. The duty of the Pharmaceutical Society is a purely legal one, and relates only to the schedules of poisons framed by the government to protect the public by rendering it a difficult matter to obtain the poisons most frequently used for criminal purposes.
It is a white powder, which turns pale yellow on heating, and melts at a red heat.
It forms red crusts, is insoluble in cold water, but is decomposed by boiling water.
None of the existing Red Seaweeds (Rhodophyceae) has a unicellular body.
Many of the lower forms of Brown Seaweeds (Phoeophyceae) have a thallus consisting of simple or branched cell threads, as in the green and red forms. The lateral union of the branches to form a solid thallus is not, however, so common, nor is it carried to so high a pitch of elaboration as in the Rhodophyceae.
A similar state of things exists in some of the more highly differentiated Red, Seaweeds.
Similar modes of growth occur among the Siphoneous Green Algae and also among the Red Seaweeds.
of the thallus, whatever its external form, by branched, continuous or septate, coenocytic tubes (Siphoneae and Fungi), or by simple or branched cell-threads (Red and many Green Algae), in both cases growing mainly or entirely at the apex of each branch, is almost universal in.
This coloring matter, as shown by its absorption spectrum, picks out of the ordinary beam of light a large proportion of its red and blue rays, together with some of the green and yellow.
It is a very common event to find the early stages of injury indicated by pale yellow spots, which turn darker, brown, red, black, &c., later, e.g.
Red spots may indicate the presence of Fungi, e.g.
Chromoplasts are the yellow, orange or red color-bodies found in some flowers and fruits.
In the red variety of Cucurbita pepo these crystals may consist of rods, thin plates, flat ribbons or spirals.
They are stained deep red in dilute solution of alkanin.
The suberized and cuticularized cell-walls appear to contain a fatty body called suberin, and such cell-walls can be stained red by a solution of alcanin, the lignified and cellulose membranes remaining unstained.
6); and it has been suggested that the association of these two is analogous to the association of the rods and cones of the animal eye with their pigment layer, the light absorbed by the red pigment-spot setting up changes which react upon the refractive granule and being transmitted to the flagellum bring about those modifications in its vibrations by which the direction of movement of the organism is regulated.
They traded also on the Red sea, and opened up regular traffic with India as well as with the ports of the south and west, so that it was natural for Solomon to employ the merchant navies of Tyre in his oversea trade.
nicians sailing the Red sea.
Herodotus (himself a notable traveller in the 5th century B.C.) relates that the Egyptian king Necho of the XXVIth Dynasty (c. 600 B.C.) built a fleet on the Red Sea, and confided it to Phoenician sailors with the orders to sail southward and return to Egypt by the Pillars of Hercules and the Mediterranean sea.
The Ptolemies continued to send fleets annually from their Red Sea ports of Berenice and Myos Hormus to Arabia, as well as to ports on the coasts of Africa and India.
79 Hippalus took advantage of the regular alternation of the monsoons to make the voyage from the Red Sea to India across the open ocean out of sight of land.
In the end of the 9th century Iceland was colonized from Norway; and about 985 the intrepid viking, Eric the Red, discovered Greenland, and induced some of his Icelandic countrymen to settle on its inhospitable shores.
After exploring Persia, and again residing for some time at Mecca, he made a voyage down the Red sea to Yemen, and travelled through that country to Aden.