Tables were covered with white linen table cloths and adorned with violet colored napkins inside light gray napkin holders.
"It's violet," said the Wizard, who was in the buggy.
In the sweet violet, V.
Around it were arranged, like the five points of a star, the other five brilliant balls; one being rose colored, one violet, one yellow, one blue and one orange.
I guess violet eyes are unusual, but I think they look the same from my viewpoint.
"Nonsense!" said the little man, turning red--although just then a ray of violet sunlight was on his round face.
I keep telling him they're violet, but you know how men are.
Her little girls are named Violet and May.
In her room she ran a comb threw her curls and stared back at the violet eyes haunting her from the mirror.
In October he appears dining in the hall there as a guest, and at Christmas 1442 he received a royal livery, five yards of violet cloth, as provost of Eton.
- Dog Violet (Viola canina), half nat.
violet with yellow eye; V.
Violet eyes and blond hair - what a combination.
green to brown, in ascending order for the land; blue, indigo and violet for the sea, increasing in intensity with the height or the depth.
The different ultramarines - green, blue, red and violet - are finely ground and washed with water.
We may here notice an empirical rule formulated by Nietzski in 1879: - the simplest colouring substances are in the greenish-yellow and yellow, and with increasing molecular weight the colour passes into orange, red, violet, blue and green.
The Neapolitan or Parma violet (var.
Dorothy was too dazed to say much, but she watched one of Jim's big ears turn to violet and the other to rose, and wondered that his tail should be yellow and his body striped with blue and orange like the stripes of a zebra.
The reagents in common use are: Millon's reagent, a solution of mercuric nitrate containing nitrous acid, this gives a violet-red coloration; nitric acid, which gives a yellow colour, turning to gold when treated with ammonia (xanthoproteic reaction); fuming sulphuric acid, which gives violet solutions; and caustic potash and copper sulphate, which, on warming, gives a red to violet coloration (biuret reaction).
A violet stole is worn by the priest when giving absolution after confession, and when administering Extreme Unction.
Another type of dry reaction, namely, the flame coloration, had been the subject of isolated notices, as, for example, the violet flame of potassium and the orange flame of sodium observed by Marggraf and Scheele, but a systematic account was wanting until Cartmell took the subject up. His results (Phil.
At baptisms the priest wears a violet stole during the first part of the service, i.e.
I have watered the red huckleberry, the sand cherry and the nettle-tree, the red pine and the black ash, the white grape and the yellow violet, which might have withered else in dry seasons.
Kris's normally iced features clouded, his violet eyes going green as he thought.
If the bead is coloured we may have present: cobalt, blue to violet; copper, green, blue on cooling; in the reducing flame, red when cold; chromium, green, unaltered in the reducing flame; iron, brownish-red, light-yellow or colourless on cooling; in the reducing flame, red while hot, yellow on cooling, greenish when cold; nickel, reddish to brownish-red, yellow to reddish-yellow or colourless on cooling, unaltered in the reducing flame; bismuth, yellowish-brown, light-yellow or colourless on cooling; in the reducing flame, almost colourless, blackish-grey when cold; silver, light yellowish to opal, somewhat opaque when cold; whitish-grey in the reducing flame; manganese, amethyst red, colourless in the reducing flame.
xviii.) the liturgical colours are five: white, red, green, violet, black.
Its solvent power is also utilized in the production of various colouring fluids, where the colouring matter would not dissolve in water alone; thus aniline violet, the tinctorial constituents of madder, and various allied colouring matters dissolve in glycerin, forming liquids which remain coloured even when diluted with water, the colouring matters being either retained in suspension or dissolved by the glycerin present in the diluted fluid.
festival of the instruments of the Passion, of the Precious Blood, of the invention and elevation of the Cross; all festivals of apostles, except those above noted; festivals of martyrs; masses for a papal election; the Feast of the Holy Innocents, when it falls on a Sunday (violet if on a week-day), and its octave (always red).
5) is the dog violet, many forms or subspecies of which are recognized; V.
"I wondered where that went," the scientist murmured as he withdrew a vial of violet gel from his lab coat.
A sublimate may be formed of: sulphur - reddish-brown drops, cooling to a yellow to brown solid, from sulphides or mixtures; iodine - violet vapour, black sublimate, from iodides, iodic acid, or mixtures; mercury and its compounds - metallic mercury forms minute globules, mercuric sulphide is black and becomes red on rubbing, mercuric chloride fuses before subliming, mercurous chloride does not fuse, mercuric iodide gives a yellow sublimate; arsenic and its compounds - metallic arsenic gives a grey mirror, arsenious oxide forms white shining crystals, arsenic sulphides give reddish-yellow sublimates which turn yellow on cooling; antimony oxide fuses and gives a yellow acicular sublimate; lead chloride forms a white sublimate after long and intense heating.
For example, episomorphs of white potash alum and violet chrome alum, of white magnesium sulphate and green nickel sulphate, and of many other pairs of salts, have been obtained.
The desired effect may be produced by a graduation of the same colour, or by a polychromatic scale - such as white, pale red, pale brown, various shades of green, violet and purple, in ascending order.
Violet vestments are also worn on days of intercession, at votive masses of the Passion, at certain other masses of a pronouncedly intercessory and penitential character, at intercessory processions, at the blessing of candles on Candlemas Day, and at the blessing of the baptismal water.
odorata, sweet violet, is highly prized for its fragrance, and in cu;tivation numerous varieties have originated.
She took extra care with her appearance, wearing a blue dress that somehow managed to bring out the violet in her eyes.
The leaves are large, often irregular in form, usually with a few deep lobes dilated at the end; they are of a bright light green on the upper surface, but whitish beneath; they turn to a violet tint in autumn.
The distinguishing colour of a prelate's clothing is violet; the form, like the greater or less use of violet, depends on the rank of the prelate.
In the West the custom, long universal, of marking the seasons of the ecclesiastical year and the more prominent fasts and festivals by the colour of the vestments of clergy and altar dates, approximately, from the 12th century: the subject is mentioned (c. 1200) in the treatise of Innocent III., De sacro altaris mysterio (cap. 10), where the rules are laid down which are still essentially those of the Roman Church,' though the liturgical colours were only four, violet belonging to the category of black - as that of mourning.
On heating it assumes a finer colour, but then turns violet and finally black; regaining, however, its original colour on cooling.
The anemone, the wild violet, the hepatica, and the funny little curled-up ferns all peeped out at us from beneath the brown leaves.
The insoluble salts are rose-red or violet in colour.
In the first place, with a given size of particles, the direction of complete polarization indicated by (23) is a function of the colour of the light, the value of 0 being 3 or 4 times as large for the violet as for the red end of the spectrum.
Nickel with a potash-lead glass gives a violet colour, and a brown colour with a soda-lime glass.
Iodine vapour on heating passes from a violet colour to a deep indigo blue; this behaviour was investigated by V.
Its solutions in the alkaline iodides and in alcohol and ether are brown in colour, whilst in chloroform and carbon bisulphide the solution is violet.
When of pale yellowish-green colour the sapphire is called "oriental chrysolite," when greenish-blue "oriental aquamarine," when of brilliant green colour "oriental emerald," and when violet "oriental amethyst."
Violet.
This stunning Estrella evening dress looks fabulous in hyacinth violet, red or black.
Carmen had chosen the colors pastel violet and light gray, with the theme being hearts and the flowers being forget-me-nots.
The cake topper was a simple crystal heart with violet forget-me-nots.
It forms quadratic prisms, having a violet reflex and insoluble in boiling hydrochloric acid.
There is a certain amount of evidence that at any rate in some cases light is necessary, and that the violet rays of the spectrum are chiefly concerned.
With ferric chloride it gives a violet coloration, and with bromine water a white precipitate of tribromphenol.
AMETHYST, a violet or purple variety of quartz used as an ornamental stone.
She had inherited violet eyes from her mother, but what if the baby had blue eyes like Dad?
They form many double salts and give a dark violet coloration with ferric chloride solution, this colour, however, gradually disappearing on standing, sulphur being precipitated.
The Memoires are contained in the collection of Michaud and Poujoulat, and have been published separately by Guessard (the best, 1842), Lalanne, Caboche, &c. An English translation with introduction by Violet Fane appeared in 1892.
It forms small brown lamellae which dissolve slowly in water to give a fuchsine-red solution possessing a violet reflex.
A mixture of carbon bisulphide vapour and nitric oxide burns with a very intense blue-coloured flame, which is very rich in the violet or actinic rays.
Ferric chloride colours its aqueous solution violet.
The purple-blue of cobalt, the chrome green or yellow of chromium, the dichroic canarycolour of uranium and the violet of manganese, are constant.
Experiments were also tried with a violet-coloured glass, a violet opal, a transparent black and with glasses shading from red to blue, red to amber and blue to green.
In these every colour and every shade of colour seem to have been tried in groat variety of combination with effects more or less pleasing, but transparent violet or purple appears to have been the most common ground colour.
The lower edge and the sleeves are usually garnished with lace, lined with violet or red silk in the case of prelates, or - more rarely - with embroidered borders.
The caliche has often a granular structure, and is yellowishwhite, bright lemon-yellow, brownish or violet in colour.
When ignited in a current of hydrogen it yields tiianium trifluoride, TiF 3, as a violet powder.
Titanium trichloride, TiC131 forms involatile, dark violet scales, and is obtained by passing the vapour of the tetrachloride mixed with hydrogen through a red-hot tube, or by heating the tetrachloride with molecular silver to 200°.
Titanium sesquisulphate, T12(S04)3.8H20, obtained by concentrating the violet solution formed when the metal is dissolved in sulphuric acid, is interesting since it forms a caesium alum, CsTi(S04)2.12H20.
In the reducing flame the bead becomes violet, more readily on the addition of tin; in the presence of iron it becomes blood-red.
On the lakes there is a very handsome goose, with white body and dark-green wings shading into violet, called huachua, two kinds of ibis, a large gull (Larus serranus) frequenting the alpine lakes in flocks, flamingoes called parihuana, ducks and water-hens.
But after proper treatmenti the former develops a glossy black patina with violet sheen, and the latter shows beautiful shades of grey with silvery lustre.
Of the general characters of acids we may here notice that they dissolve alkaline substances, certain metals, &c., neutralize alkalies and redden many blue and violet vegetable colouring matters.
(2) A mixture of loo litres of spirit, 14 litres of the naphtha-pyridine mixture described above, 4 litre of methyl violet solution, and from 2 to 20 litres of benzol; this fluid is limited to combustion in motors and agricultural engines.
It is insoluble in hydrochloric, nitric and sulphuric acids, but dissolves in aqua regia - a mixture of hydrochloric and nitric acids - and when very finely divided in a heated mixture of strong sulphuric acid and a little nitric acid; dilution with water, however, precipitates the metal as a violet or brown powder from this solution.
In the last case it becomes coated with a greyish-black layer of an oxide (dioxide (?)), at a red heat the layer consists of the trioxide (B1203), and is yellow or green in the case of pure bismuth, and violet or blue if impure; at a bright red heat it burns with a bluish flame to the trioxide.
Savary expresses preference for this second plan, and makes the pertinent remark that in both these models " the rays of red light in the two solar images will be next to each other, which will render the sun's disk more easy to be observed than the violet ones."
The colours range from deep black to pure white, passing through chestnut or bay, and many tints of brown or ashy-grey, while often the feathers are more or less closely barred with some darker shade, and the black is very frequently glossed with violet, blue or green - or, in addition, spangled with white grey or gold-colour.
They are crystalline solids showing a characteristic green metallic lustre; they are readily soluble in water and dye red or violet.
Near Luang Prabang, just beyond the border, in French territory, limestones with Productus and Schwagerina, like the Productus limestone of the Indian Salt Range, have been found; also red clays and grauwacke with plants similar to those of the Raniganj beds; and violet clays with Dicynodon, supposed to be the equivalents of the Panche series of India.
candidum, the Xdpiov of the Greeks, was one of the commonest garden flowers of antiquity, appearing in the poets from Homer downwards side by side with the rose and the violet.
The flower is then said to be "rectified"; it is a bizarre when it has a yellow ground marked with purple or red, a bybloemen when it has a white ground marked with violet or purple, or a rose when it has a white ground marked with rose colour.
Geranium, Cardamine pratensis, mallows, Rubus, Oxalis, Epilobium, &c., but many species show more or less well-marked median symmetry (zygomorphism) as Euphrasia, Orchis, thyme, &c., and red, blue and violet are the usual colours.
The shapes and colours are extremely varied; bilaterally symmetrical forms are most frequent with red, blue or violet colours.
A pellet of potassium when thrown on water at once bursts out into a violet flame and the burning metal fizzes about on the surface, its extremely high temperature precluding absolute contact with the liquid, exce p t at the very end, when the last remnant, through loss of temperature, is wetted by the water and bursts with explosive violence.
The reaction may be written 2K+ 211 2 0= 2K0H+H2, and the flame is due to the combustion of the hydrogen, the violet colour being occasioned by the potassium vapour.
Analysis, &c. - All volatile potassium compounds impart a violet coloration to the Bunsen flame, which is masked, however, if sodium be present.
The emission spectrum shows two lines, Ka, a double line towards the infra-red, and Ka in the violet.
Its salts are reddish violet in colour, and give a characteristic absorption spectrum.
1) enters obliquely A into the surface of a block of glass at 0, it gives rise to the divergent system of rays ORV, varying continuously in colour from red to violet, the red ray OR being least refracted and the violet ray OV most so.
The order of the successive colours in all colourless transparent media is red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.
Operating on this beam with a second prism, he found that the homogeneous light was not dispersed, and also that it was more refracted the nearer the point from which it was taken approached to the violet end of the spectrum RV.
This confirmed his previous conclusion that the rays increase in refrangibility from red to violet.
If we compare the spectrum produced by refraction in a glass prism with that of a diffraction grating, we find not only that the order of colours is reversed, but also that the same colours do not occupy corresponding lengths on the two spectra, the blue and violet being much more extended in the refraction spectrum.
P. Leroux discovered that iodine vapour refracted the red rays more than the violet, the intermediate colours not being transmitted; and in 1870 Christiansen found that an alcoholic solution of fuchsine refracted the violet less than the red, the order of the successive colours being violet, red, orange, yellow; the green being absorbed and a dark interval occurring between the violet and red.
Under artificial illumination many sapphires appear dark and inky, whilst in some cases the blue changes to a violet, so that the sapphire seems to be transformed to an amethyst.
Chromic acid and its salts, the chromates and bichromates, can be detected by the violet coloration which they give on addition of hydrogen peroxide to their dilute acid solution, or by the fact that on distillation with concentrated sulphuric acid and an alkaline chloride, the red vapours of chromium oxychloride are produced.
Chromic salts are of a blue or violet colour, and apparently the chloride and bromide exist in a green and violet form.
Chromic chloride, CrC1 31 is obtained in the anhydrous form by igniting a mixture of the sesquioxide and carbon in a current of dry chlorine; it forms violet laminae almost insoluble in water, but dissolves rapidly in presence of a trace of chromous chloride; this action has been regarded as a catalytic action, it being assumed that the insoluble chromic chloride is first reduced by the chromous chloride to the chromous condition and the original chromous chloride converted into soluble chromic chloride, the newly formed chromous chloride then reacting with the insoluble chromic chloride.
Werner, four hydrated chromium chlorides exist, namely the green and violet salts, CrC1 3.6H 2 O, a hydrate, CrC1 3.10H 2 O and one CrC1 3.4H 2 0.
The violet form gives a purple solution, and all its chlorine is precipitated by silver nitrate, the aqueous solution containing four ions, probably Cr(OH 2) 6 and three chlorine ions.
It is soluble in cold water, giving a violet solution, which turns green on boiling.
If the violet solution is allowed to evaporate slowly at ordinary temperatures the sulphate crystallizes out as Cr2(S04)3.15H20, but the green solution on evaporation leaves only an amorphous mass.
2Cr2(S04) 3 +H20 = H2S04+[Cr40- (S04)41S04 (violet) (green) since, on adding barium chloride to the green solution, only one-third of the total sulphuric acid is precipitated as barium sulphate, whence it follows that only one-third of the original S04 ions are present in the green solution.
The green salt in aqueous solution, on stand- ing, gradually passes back to the violet form.
By adding sodium phosphate to an excess of chrome alum the violet phosphate, CrP04.6H 2 O, is precipitated; on heating to 100° C. it loses water and turns green.
At that time monochromatic photographs of the sun were first made on Mount Wilson with the red (Ha) line of hydrogen, previous hydrogen photographs having been taken with H/3, Hy or HS in the blue or violet.
The band fades towards the red or violet according as A is positive or negative, and the appearance is sometimes complicated by the fact that several sets of lines start from identical or closely adjoining heads.
The light is rich in the violet and ultra-violet rays, and consequently is employed in photography.
Speaking broadly, red is the colour for feasts of martyrs, white for virgins, violet for penitential seasons, &c. no less than sixty-three different uses differing in details have been enumerated.
The priest, vested in a violet cope, prays that God may send His angel to hallow the ash, that it become a remedium salubre for all penitents.
Since the minimum deviation is least for the least refrangible rays, it follows that the red rays will be the least refracted, and the violet the more refracted, and therefore the halo will be coloured red on the inside.
The badge is the lily-hilted sword of St James, enamelled red with gold borders; the ribbon is violet.
In 1789 these three orders were granted a common badge uniting the three separate crosses in a gold medallion; the joint ribbon is red, green and violet, and to the separate crosses was added a red sacred heart and small white cross.
Aluminium is a white metal with a characteristic tint which most nearly resembles that of tin; when impure, or after pro longed exposure to air, it has a slight violet shade.
Nemophila maculata: hardy, 6 in., white, with violet spots at the edge.
simplicifolia, violet purple, are grown with care in sheltered spots, and in rich, very gritty soil.
grandiflorus, 3 ft., violet, are especially useful from their late-flowering habit.
dens-canis, the Dog's Tooth Violet, is a pretty dwarf bulbous plant with spotted leaves, and rosy or white flowers produced in spring, and having reflexed petals.
across, having zones of violet and yellow blotched with purple and tipped with scarlet.
altaica, 6 in., yellow or violet with yellow eye; V.
odorata, the Sweet Violet, in its many single and double flowered varieties, are all desirable.
It may be recognized by the violet coloration it gives when added to a very dilute solution of potassium bichromate in the presence of hydrochloric acid; by the orange-red colour it gives with a solution of titanium dioxide in concentrated sulphuric acid; and by the precipitate of Prussian blue formed when it is added to a solution containing ferric chloride and potassium ferricyanide.
violet, have occasionally been noticed but are unusual.
A piece of a large tile, and part of a glazed vase, have the royal titles and name of Menes, originally in violet inlay in green glaze.
Various colors were used; beside the old green and blue, there were purple, violet, red, yellow and white.
cartouches of the king in violet and white glaze are common; and under Rameses III.
Occasionally, as in violet, a flower arises singly in the axil of an ordinary foliage-leaf; it is then termed axillary.
The salt is often grey, through bituminous matter or other impurity, and rarely green, blue or, violet.
To the eye, however, members of this group present a greater variety of colour than those of any other - yellow, brown, olive, red, purple, violet and variations of all these being known.
When heated in air it is readily oxidized, with the formation of a reddish or violet vapour.
Thallous chloride, T1C1, is readily obtained from the solution of any thallous salt, by the addition of hydrochloric acid, as a white precipitate similar in appearance to silver chloride, like which it turns violet in the light and fuses below redness into a (yellow) liquid which freezes into a horn-like flexible mass.
Hottonia (water violet) is a floating water plant with submerged leaves cut into fine linear segments.
Nummularia, money-wort; Anagallis, pimpernel; and Hottonia, water violet.
this region a lilac-coloured violet clings to the soil, and above there is nothing but a little lichen.
This is dissolved in cold concentrated sulphuric acid, in which it forms a yellowish red solution, but on heating to ioo° C. the colour changes to red and violet, and on pouring out upon ice, the monomethyl ether of alizarin is precipitated.
focal length a discrepancy of I unit in the 3rd decimal place in the above proportional figures would cause a linear error in the focus for that colour of only about .025 in., so that the largest deviation implied by the tables would be a focus for the extreme violet H ray about 037 longer than the normal.
Gallium is best detected by means of its spark spectrum, which gives two violet lines of wave length 4171 and 4031.
Another remarkable fact is that these substances yield coloured solutions in organic solvents; triphenylmethyl gives a yellow solution, whilst ditolylphenyl and tritolylmethyls give orange solutions which on warming turn to a violet and to a magenta, the changes being reversed on cooling.
The spectrum, which closely resembles that of a sunspot, is marked by flutings or bands of lines sharply bounded on the violet side and fading off towards the red.
They may be recognized by the brownish violet colour they impart to a borax bead when heated in an oxidizing flame.
PURPLE, a colour-name, now given to a shade varying between crimson and violet.
The hexachloride, WC1 6, is obtained by heating the metal in a current of dry chlorine in the absence of oxygen or moisture, otherwise some oxychloride is formed; a sublimate of dark violet crystals appear at first, but as the hexachloride increases in quantity it collects as a very dark red liquid.
It turns dirty violet on exposure to air and light; in moist air it absorbs oxygen and forms an oxychloride.
In particular he revived and gave new force to the theory of colour-vision associated with the name of Thomas Young, showing the three primary colours to be red, green and violet, and he applied the theory to the explanation of colour-blindness.
These are red and green (each=), orange and blue (2: I), and yellow and violet (3: 1).'
The principal other plants which bear the name are the wallflower, Cheiranthus Cheiri, called wall-gillyflower in old books; the dame's violet, Hesperis matronalis, called variously the queen's, the rogue's and the winter gillyflower; the ragged-robin, Lychnis Flos-cuculi, called marsh-gillyflower and cuckoo-gillyflower; the waterviolet, Hottonia palustris, called water-gillyflower; and the thrift, Armeria vulgaris, called sea-gillyflower.
Fraunhofer, who defined the colours by means of the dark lines in the solar spectrum; and showed that the ratio of the dispersion of two glasses varied about 20% from the red to the violet (the variation for glass and water is about 50%).
F G' Violet Hg.
In a similar manner, for systems used in photography, the vertex of the colour curve must be placed in the position of the maximum sensibility of the plates; G'; and to accomplish this the F and violet mercury lines are united.
of resorcin gives a characteristic violet red coloration.
In its general behaviour it resembles arsine, burning with a violet flame and being decomposed by heat into its constituent elements.
A pit called the "Maelstrom," in Croghan's Hall, is the spot most remote from the mouth of Gerta's Grotto Creighton's Dome Index Hovey's Cathedral 0' Martel Nelson's Domes p a e t a j-?l . ?Einbigler Dome Edna's Dome Galloway's Dome Chief City Violet.
While making a survey exclusively for the cave-owners in 1908, Max Kaemper of Berlin, Germany, forced an opening from the main cave into a remarkable region to which the general name of "Violet City" was given, in honour of Mrs Violet Blair Janin, who owned a third of the Mammoth Cave estate.
It crystallizes in colourless plates, possessing a violet fluorescence, melting at 112-113° and boiling at 293-295° C. By oxidation with chromic acid in glacial acetic acid solution, it is converted into diphenylene ketone (C8H4)2 CO; whilst on heating with hydriodic acid and phosphorus to 250-260° C. it gives a hydro derivative of composition C13H22.
The light had to traverse a screen of water before passing through the C, and one of aesculin (which filters out the blue and violet rays) before passing the B.
ruber, &c., the violet of B.
A dark violet fluor-spar from Wolsendorf in Bavaria, evolves an odour of ozone when struck, and has been called antozonite.
Ozone is also emitted by a violet fluorspar from Quincie, dep. Rhone, France.
The dark violet fluor-spar of Derbyshire, known locally as "Blue John," is.
Bright red, violet and blue are much used, not only by the women, but in the coats and waistcoats of the men.
Ferric chloride colours its aqueous solution a dark violet, and bromine water precipitates tribromresorcin.
The flowers are usually of a purplish colour, but are sometimes white, and the seeds, like the petals, vary in tint from dark violet to white.
Violet is the colour prescribed for processions, except on the Feast of Corpus Christi, or on a day when some other colour is prescribed.
The officiating priest wears a cope, or at least a surplice with a violet stole, the other priests and clergy wear surplices.
Further, these varieties may be of almost any colour, whereas transparent crystals have only a limited range of colour, being either colourless (rock-crystal), violet (amethyst), brown (smoky quartz) or yellow (citrine).
Hence if the sun's diameter were measured through differently coloured screens, the violet disk must appear greater than the red.
It crystallizes in prisms, which melt at 218° C. With ferric chloride it gives a dark violet coloration.
The least Refrangible Rays are all disposed to exhibit a Red colour, and contrarily those Rays, which are disposed to exhibit a Red colour, are all the least Refrangible: So the most refrangible Rays are all disposed to exhibit a deep Violet Colour, and contrarily those which are apt to exhibit such a violet colour are all the most Refrangible.
In regard to sense-organs, ophthalmoscopic observations on the eyes of living mammals (other than man) have revealed the existence of great variation in the arrangement of the bloodvessels, as well as in the colour of the retina; blue and violet seem to be unknown, while red, yellow and green form the predominating shades.
The right to wear a violet cappa magna is conceded by the popes to the chapters of certain important cathedrals, but the train in this case is worn folded over the left arm or tied under it.
Ferric potassium sulphate, the common iron alum, K2SO4Fe2(SO 4)3.24H2O, forms bright violet octahedra.
The sides are bluish green above, violet in the middle, red beneath, variegated with oval spots of brilliant silver.
The pictures were taken, in both cases, with only one quality of light, the violet ray of calcium, the remaining superfluous beams being eliminated by the agency of a double slit.
A violet odour and a fragrant oil were said to distil from her tomb; and when it was opened nine months afterwards the flesh was found uncorrupted.
When the retardation of phase for light of mean period is it or a small multiple of it a crystalline plate placed between a crossed polarizer and analyser exhibits in white light a distinctive greyish violet colour, known as a sensitive tint from the fact that it changes rapidly to blue or red, when the retardation is very slightly increased or diminished.
In the violet the calycine segments are prolonged downwards beyond their insertions, and in the Indian cress (Tropaeolum) this prolongation is in the form of a spur (calcar), formed by three sepals; in Delphinium it is formed by one.
This was followed by the production of heliotropin, coumarin and vanillin, and later on by the artificial preparation of ionone, the most characteristic constituent of the violet scent.
The immortal Council's leader, a silver-haired man with violet eyes and a face untouched by time, stood at the entrance.
Violet's curiosity now aroused, things were to get even stranger.
cerulean blue, cobalt violet, burnt umber for dark areas.
I have some good strong standard chinchillas to outcross my violet bloodlines with, in order to impart health, size and quality.
Plants include mosses eg Sphagnum, cotton grass, purple moor grass, cranberry, marsh cinquefoil, marsh violet and round leaved sundew.
cleistogamous flowers (See Common Dog Violet ).
Jacana, black crake and various kingfishers are regularly seen and it is also a good spot for violet touraco.
Coming back along the path, I saw a BLUE-TAILED damselfly with violet stripes on the thorax.
deflectionescaped bennett's thought of the magnetic deflexion of by ultra violet.
Donald suggested we look for (Violet) eared dove in the Vieux Fort area in the south.
Koch discovered that methyl violet dye showed up the septicaemia germ under a microscope by staining it.
exiguous leaves and some were pale violet and a handful had white flowers.
The ground flora includes wood fescue Festuca altissima and violet helleborine Epipactis purpurata.
fluoresce under ultra violet light.
Quot brand of placing fluorescent the atom by ultra violet.
gentian violet pen.
If not better at all at 4 days, stop the gentian violet, continue with the ointment as below and call.
In spite of its pugilistic face, the dragon goby, or violet goby as it is also known, is a gentle fish.
index of refraction is greater for the shorter wavelength, violet light is bent the most and red the least as indicated.
indigo, violet.
According to Lilly, this pale violet star sharpens the understanding, memory, and makes men industrious.
iridescent violet sheen on their neck.
jade green, ice blue, indigo, violet.
Her black hair and dark violet eyes leered at Axel, scaring him beyond reason.
Superb fully coated violet tinted lenses give absolute clarity right to the edge of the sight picture.
The colors are not so luminous as on other occasions; their tones are mostly a brownish-red, dirty violet.
megaton weapon called Violet Club.
The tall girl to the right with the long pigtails is Violet Sutherland.
Species include bottle sedge, common cotton sedge, devil's-bit scabious and marsh violet growing over layers of Sphagnum mosses and brown mosses.
Whereupon the semicircle a became bordered with Violet above, Scarlet below; but the other semicircle b quite con trary.
Others on the ground show off their blue face patch and an iridescent violet sheen on their neck.
shrinking violet, commands most of the laughs.
Their lashes flash blue or violet, and they are particularly solicitous of male shoppers.
stork's bill or violet sage.
Y, being, as are all publishers, more like a shrinking violet than anything else in the world, nearly swooned.
Females can have a blue thorax, green, orange or violet, whilst the males have only the blue.
This leads to a slight violet tinge at the periphery of the image outlines.
It contains common broomrape, basil, marjoram, bladder campion, sweet violet, field scabious and birds foot trefoil.
The early flowers starting to show on the short downland turf include Whitlow Grass and Hairy Violet.
ultra violet; longer waves are infrared.
vermilion tints block blue light at the upper end of the visible range, just short of ultra violet.
Maureen, the shrinking violet, commands most of the laughs.
Shorter waves are ultra violet; longer waves are infrared.
The colors are ordered in the spectrum in the sequence red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet.
Its striking blooms are a rich purple violet on the inside, honey brown on the outside, with pronounced violet stripes.
Flowers are borne in terminal cymes and may be pink, red, violet, purple, blue or white.
Ideal for cut flowers Lady Diana Lots of pale violet blue flowers on long sturdy stems Margot Large cream fragrant flowers.
In the bathroom: place an African violet on top of the toilet cistern.
violet helleborine in the county.
violet clarifier eliminates the algae that causes green water.
violet wand treatment of her life.
violet disinfection is currently being installed at Luxulyan sewage treatment works to increase the standard of treatment.
violet rays measured by the UV Index causes skin cancer, one of the most common cancers in the UK.
violet radiation A small part of the radiation from the sun which can cause skin cancer.
Seat customer, mark ear lobes, preferably with gentian violet pen.
Approaching Burnhill Junction, the track passes through a flooded cutting with marsh vegetation, such as the delicate marsh violet.
The crystal violet appeared to stain some food at the beginning of the gut.
Early dog violet in the wood, and dog violet in the meadows.
water violet which is one of the key species on the Meads has also spread into a new ditch.
Over exposure to ultra violet rays measured by the UV Index causes skin cancer, one of the most common cancers in the UK.
Ozone (O 3) is needed in the upper atmosphere to protect the Earth from harmful ultra violet rays.
Finally, Anastasia is firmly attached to the rotating bondage rack, where she is given the violet wand treatment of her life.
Lignified tissues are colored yellow by aniline sulphate or aniline chloride, violet with phloroglucin and hydrochloric acid, and characteristic reactions are also given by mixtures containing phenol, indol, skatol, thailin, sulphate, &c. (see Zimmermanns Microtechnique).
(() An infusible white residue may be obtained,which may denote barium, strontium, calcium, magnesium, aluminium or zinc. The first three give characteristic flame colorations (see below); the last three, when moistened with cobalt nitrate and re-ignited, give coloured masses; aluminium (or silica) gives a brilliant blue; zinc gives a green; whilst magnesium phosphates or arsenate (and to a less degree the phosphates of the alkaline earths) give a violet mass.
By viewing the flame through an indigo prism it appears sky-blue, violet and ultimately crimson, as the thickness of the prism is increased.
If the bands be displaced towards the violet, involving a regression through the colours mentioned above, the group is said to be " hypsochromic "; if the reverse occurs the group is " bathochromic."
Many of the genera are known as ornamental garden plants; such are Cheiranthus (wallflower), Matthiola (stock), Iberis (candy-tuft), Alyssum (Alison), Hesperis (dame's violet), Lunaria (honesty) (fig.
Among his other works are The Phantom Ship (1839); A Diary in America (1839); 011a Podrida (1840), a collection of miscellaneous papers; Poor Jack (1840); Joseph Rushbrook (1841); Percival Keene (1842); Monsieur Violet (1842); The Privateer's Man (1844); The Mission, or Scenes in Africa (1845); The Little Savage (1848-1849), published posthumously; and Valerie, not completed (1849).
It is apparent, therefore, that all drops transmitting intense light after one internal reflection to the eye will lie on the surfaces of cones having the eye for their common vertex, the line joining the eye to the sun for their axis, and their semi-vertical angles equal to about 41Ã‚° for the violet rays and 43Ã‚° for the red rays.
The observer will, therefore, see a coloured band, about 2Ã‚° in width, and coloured violet inside and red outside.
Similarly, drops transmitting rays after two internal reflections will be situated on covertical and coaxial cones, of which the semi-vertical angles are 51Ã‚° for the red rays and 54Ã‚° for the violet.
Titanium trichloride, TiC131 forms involatile, dark violet scales, and is obtained by passing the vapour of the tetrachloride mixed with hydrogen through a red-hot tube, or by heating the tetrachloride with molecular silver to 200Ã‚°.
Upon the exposed mountain slopes a species of rhubarb (Rheum Ribes) is noticeable, and also a vetch (Vicia canescens) excellent for sheep. The spring vegetation, which lasts until July, appears to be rich, especially as regards showy plants, such as Corydalis, Gagea, Colchicum, Puschkinia, Geranium, Ornithogalum, &c. The flora of the highest ridges, along the edges of the snow patches, exhibits no forms related to the northern alpine flora, but suggestions of it are found in a Draba, an Androsace, an Alsine and a violet, occurring, however, only in local species.
By adding sodium phosphate to an excess of chrome alum the violet phosphate, CrP04.6H 2 O, is precipitated; on heating to 100Ã‚° C. it loses water and turns green.
Many derivatives of pararosaniline and rosaniline are known, in which the hydrogen atoms of the amino groups are replaced by alkyl groups; this has the effect of producing a blue or violet shade, which becomes deeper as the number of groups increases (see Dyeing).
40), as in violet; or outwards, revolute (fig.
Among the more usual cultivated flowers are the rose (which has ever been a favorite among the Arabs), the jasmine, narcissus, lily, oleander, chrysanthemum, convolvulus, geranium, dahlia, basil, the henna plant (Lawsonia alba, or Egyptian privet, which is said to be a flower of Paradise), the helianthus and~the violet.
This is dissolved in cold concentrated sulphuric acid, in which it forms a yellowish red solution, but on heating to iooÃ‚° C. the colour changes to red and violet, and on pouring out upon ice, the monomethyl ether of alizarin is precipitated.
It crystallizes in colourless plates, possessing a violet fluorescence, melting at 112-113Ã‚° and boiling at 293-295Ã‚° C. By oxidation with chromic acid in glacial acetic acid solution, it is converted into diphenylene ketone (C8H4)2 CO; whilst on heating with hydriodic acid and phosphorus to 250-260Ã‚° C. it gives a hydro derivative of composition C13H22.
It crystallizes in prisms, which melt at 218Ã‚° C. With ferric chloride it gives a dark violet coloration.
58) some of the petals resemble a hollow-curved horn, supported on a grooved stalk; while in columbine, violet (fig.
At other times it is prolonged upwards beyond the lobes, assuming various forms, as in Acalypha and oleander; or it is extended backwards and downwards, as in violet (fig.
The first commercial application is a system of ultra violet sensing radiometers developed with US partner company EIT.
They come out even better between other brightly colored plants like Delphinium, ornamental onions, iris stork 's bill or violet sage.
Amber and vermilion tints block blue light at the upper end of the visible range, just short of ultra violet.
The Common also contains the largest colony of violet helleborine in the county.
UVC eliminates green water The ultra violet clarifier eliminates the algae that causes green water.
Ultra violet disinfection is currently being installed at Luxulyan sewage treatment works to increase the standard of treatment.
Ultra violet radiation A small part of the radiation from the sun which can cause skin cancer.
Water violet which is one of the key species on the Meads has also spread into a new ditch.
His parents, Albert and Violet Wilde, were caretakers of the Midgehole workingman 's club in the late 60s and early 70s.
You can find these colored contacts in shades of blue, violet, green, honey, gray and brown.
Glass: light or dark gray, classic gray, light or dark brown, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet, copper.
CR-39 (a plastic polymer -- allyl diglycol carbonate): light or dark gray, classic gray, light or dark brown, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet, copper, melanin.
Plastic 1.56: light or dark gray, classic gray, light or dark brown, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet, copper, melanin.
Violet: Violet causes green to fade and enhances orange, green, and black.
Choose combinations, such as yellow and violet or pink and green for such as look.
Mono-chromatic Colors - Shades of the same color, such as plum, violet, and lavender add interest while staying with one color scheme.
Periwinkle, with it's slight violet undertones, brings a little warmth, and when combined with a few more vibrant accents can make a stunning bedroom décor theme.
Dye colors were also limited to violet, red or blue on a white or cream background, however the fine line work and artistic talent behind these patterns created a unique look that modern print mills have been unable to surpass.
Cool colors like blue, violet, and green absorb light rather than reflect it, making the room feel physically cooler.
The twelve color families that you see on a color wheel are red, red-orange, orange, yellow-orange, yellow, yellow-green, green, blue-green, blue-red-violet, violet and blue-violet.
A floral oriental fragrance with a citrus and flirty scent, found with a large variety of notes including Italian orange, lemon, pineapple, violet, red currant, peony and sandalwood.
The laser is a mercury metal halide light with a wavelength of violet coloration (350 - 400 nm).
It includes notes of green florals, violet, carnation, rose and rare wood spices.
The notes of fresh rose, ginger, marigold, violet, oak moss, and musk help to create the sultry feminine scent.
Have you tried shades of violet, grape, and amethyst?
If you haven't, then try lavender or violet shades; these work well for almost any eye color and work especially well with blue eyes since they bring out the lighter tones in the eyes and make them seem bluer.
As for a day look, try a subtle matte pale purple and for evening, opt for a deeper plum, grape, bold violet or even silver gray in a shimmery formula.
The deeply intense purple color was inspired by the color of Taylor's own violet eyes, and the bottle itself is a testament to the actress's own passion for strength in femininity.
The clear violet heart-shaped bottle is a reflection of the fragrance's feminine notes (which include apple, dark chocolate, pink frosting, pink guava and vanilla, among others).
The men's version is a blend of violet, aldehyde, lime, coriander, green tea, vetiver, white pepper and musk, while the women's version contains frosted citrus, ginger, green tea and peony, among other notes.
The men's scent is mature, with notes rich in violet, lime, white pepper and musk.The women's scent is fresher and more youthful, boasting a green lotus, lily, cactus flower and nutmeg blend.
Including notes of red berries, pink peppercorn, bergamot, iris, freesia, lily of the valley, violet, vanilla, white rose, ylang ylang, white woods, sandalwood and skin musk, the scent is not as complex as its vast composition suggests.
For those who are wary of color, opt for sheer shades of violet or blue.
A luxurious perfume including notes of wild strawberry, violet leaves, and ruby red grapefruit.
Choose from: Cucumber or Orange; the Ivy, Violet and Amber trio; or one of the Splash Sorbets -- the Basil, Grapefruit, and Pear.
The second, called Autumn Splash, included Ivy, Violet and Amber.
So Sexy for Men is composed of bergamot, green violet, nutmeg, geranium, sandalwood and patchouli.
A fruity floral, it includes tangerine, citrus leaves, violet leaves, rose, jasmine, cinnamon tree, musk, oriental sandalwood and vanilla.
The scent includes bergamot, tangerine, violet, rose, jasmine, ylang ylang, fuchsia, cardamom, cinnamon, sandalwood, patchouli, chocolate, musk and vanilla.
Use it to pull off a dramatic smoky eye by first applying Black Violet liner on the top lash line, tracing from the inner to the outer corner.
Sugar Violet: A violet-plum with a rosy background.
Iridescent, surprisingly shimmery and a bit too heavy on the berry tones for my taste, Sugar Violet unfortunately was not very wearable on me.
On the other hand, Sugar Violet disappeared into thin air within an hour of application - without any help in the form of drinking or eating.
Cartier Eau de Cartier: An old classic, this fresh scent is rich in citric yuzu, bergamot, violet leaves, musk, lavender, cedarwood, patchouli and amber.
Violet runs the risk of looking as dated as 80s blue shadow, but if you apply a sheer layer it will look chic and modern.
Fleurissimo is one such scent; not only is it said to be a favorite of Madonna and the late actress Grace Kelly, it boasts an intoxicating mixture of floral notes, including rose, lilac, violet and tuberose.
It follows with a dramatic center of cypress, violet, absinthe and sage before finishing with a heady blend of agarwood, musk, cedarwood and dark vetiver.
Brown eyes: Violet, black plum, eggplant, brown and cream.
For example, if you are going out for the night, you might consider choosing bold colors, such as MAC Twinkle or Violet Trance.
Traditionally, smoky eyes are achieved with deep shades of black, gray and indigo; violet and chocolate brown are sometimes used as variations.
Shades of brown, gray, camel, taupe, dark brown, black, charcoal, copper, pink, peach, violet, lilac, silver and gold will make blue eyes appear even bluer.
Try shadows in burgundy, deep emerald green, indigo, violet and even red.
Look for makeup in tones of bronze, gold, chocolate, mauve, violet and dark pink.
Color options include scarlet, white, lavender, blue, indigo, and violet.
You could choose to add a few violet or indigo delphiniums to your bouquet if your dress has a deep violet panel sweeping down the back, for example.
Jewel tones are popular for fall 2010, with teal, violet, crimson, orange, royal blue, and navy blue.
Their daughter, Violet, was born December 2, 2005.
The happy couple wed on June 29, 2005 and welcomed daughter Violet Anne into the world on December 1st of the same year.
Violet is the first child for both Jennifer and Ben -- and Garner is reportedly very happy in her new starring roles as wife and mother.
Outside of her most important role as Violet's mom, here are a few films in which we will see the lovely Jennifer Garner in the future.
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck - Married in 2005, Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck live a seemingly normal life (by Hollywood standards) with daughter Violet.
There is, moreover, A. u. atrocoeruleus, a dark violet variety.
Convolvulus major (Ipomaea Purpurea) - Its varieties are numerous: there are white, rose, and deep violet varieties, while Burbidgei is crimson, Dicksoni deep blue, and tricolor striped with red, white, and blue.
T. rumelianum is a much dwarfer plant from Greece, requiring similar treatment and bearing pale violet flowers.
N. maculata has large white flowers blotched with violet, and its variety purpurea is of a mauve color.
Dog's-tooth Violet (Erythronium) - Liliaceous bulbs, among the loveliest of our hardy flowers, with many species and varieties of interest, and high garden value.
There are now many varieties-white, purple, rose, and violet.
Iris Biflora - A handsome Flag, 9 to 15 inches high, bearing large violet flowers on stout stems.
I. nepalensis is a charming form from India, with flowers from 5 to 6 inches long, the standards rich dark violet-purple, the falls intense violet, striped white and purple at the base, with yellow and reddish markings.
Acutangula (Campanula Arvatica) - A pretty Spanish kind affording a profusion of starry deep violet flowers in July and August.
Paine, a soft violet blue with white centre, is the best of all.
Hardy and deciduous, it reaches 4 to 6 inches high at its best, the stems freely furnished with glaucous ovate acutely pointed leaves, each stem terminated by a solitary salvershaped, azure-blue flower with a base of deepest violet.
The nodding flowers come during summer upon hairy stems of 6 to 12 inches, and are cup-shaped, 1 1/2 inches wide, and pale violet or purple with a large cluster of golden stamens.
The following is a selection of them:-Alcazar-a giant in flower and growth, bluish violet and purple-Azure; magnificent and free, and a most effective garden plant; Black Prince; Clematis-well named, giving an I.
The flowers are large, the standards white, pencilled and spotted with purple or violet, while the falls are veined with dark purple or purple-black on a yellowish ground, with a conspicuous dark blotch in the centre.
It grows from 4 to 8 inches high, and has deep violet flowers, unusually large for its size.
Siberian Flag (Iris Sibirica) - A slender plant, 2 or 3 feet high, with narrow grassy leaves, and in summer somewhat small showy blue flowers, beautifully veined with white and violet.
The deep violet flowers are very showy, and there are also white (alba), deep purple (atro-purpurea), and rosy-purple (rosea) varieties.
While the snow is still on the ground-in January, or even earlier-its leaves begin to shoot, and while these are only a few inches high, the bud opens to the pale wintry sun a beauty of violet and gold.
The stems and foliage trail along the ground like those of the New Holland Violet, while barely pushed above the foliage are open cup-like creamy-white flowers, usually nearly 2 inches across.
Until the second half of this century only white, rose, salmon, and lilac sorts were known; and we are indebted to Mr Fortune for his Chinese varieties, most of which have scarlet, violet, and magenta flowers.
This stain is deep violet at the base, and edged with deep purple teeth.
In September these are nearly covered with flowers, arranged in close trusses at the ends of the shoots, and of a fine cobalt-blue, changing to violet; they usually last till the frosts.
Bonduelli (yellow), a biennial if protected in winter; S. spicata, with spikes of small rosy flowers; Thouini (violet), very free flowering; and sinuata (purple and white), pretty and easy to grow.
The prevailing colors are blue, with various shades of purple or violet, yellow, and white.
There are, however, sufficient good colors among them, such as crimson, rose, purple, violet, and white, to yield distinct hues.
The flower-stems 2 to 5 feet high, the raceme varying from 1 to 2 feet long, the flowers crowded and attractive, the segments white with a violet centre.
Violet Cress (Ionopsidium) - I. acaule is a charming little Portuguese annual about 2 inches high, whose dense tufts of violet flowers spring up freely where plants of it have existed the previous season.
Violet: grown virtually all over the United States, the zone 9 violet is a compact plant that produces an abundance of small purple flowers.
The colors range from the palest of blues to a deep violet, and it can be clear or opaque.
In addition to the clear lead crystal, this beautiful piece also is available in striking parma violet and rich ruby red.
Alexandrite: This unique stone can appear green in natural daylight, but in artificial lighting, it can appear in a range of red to violet.
You can find styles like urban tiger, digital, ultra violet, desert, retro, pink, blue, orange, woodland, stinger yellow, smokey branch, city camo, safariflage and more.
Avenue caters to the full-figured woman with a breathtaking sheer pink gown or a violet asymmetrical chemise and pants set.
Both are made from woven polyester and come in colors such as Dusty Pink, Blue, Black and Vintage Violet.
They also have styles from the Sexy Lingerie Collection such as the Pleated Bandeau Bra done in Prism Violet with black straps and a black bow accent on one side.
Colors include royal blue, bright violet, rosemary and black.
UV stands for Ultra Violet radiation, a high-energy radiation that comes from the sun and is capable of damaging living organisms.
For an unexpected change of color, violet lenses will surely turn heads.
After all, how many people do you know with natural violet eyes?
The melanin cuts down on the blue and violet light from computers and fluorescent lights that actually make it to your eyes.
Ultraviolet rays, or UV rays, are found just beyond the violet section of the visible light spectrum.
This style of frames is available in a wide variety of colors, including dark tortoise, black, opale green, transparent violet, transparent burgundy and opale white.
These square shaped frames are made of metal and available in brown, silver, dark ruthenium, violet, light gold, and ruthenium.
Available in black, dark tortoise, transparent violet, olive and opale white, they feature a large and distinctive company logo at the temples.
The electromagnetic spectrum includes (from longest wavelength to shortest) radio waves, microwaves, infrared, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet, ultraviolet, x-rays, and gamma rays.
The human eye can see only those wavelengths from red to violet; this portion of the electromagnetic spectrum is called "visible light."
Hardly for the shrinking violet, man Fendi sun glasses command attention!
In light of this fact, you can find tints that are light green, violet, and blue.
You can even try on violet over blue or green eyes.
Big, thick arms with metal craftwork that show off the initials of the designer and large lenses tinted in deep colors of violet, maroon and gold in three different selections.
UV 400 protection blocks all ultra violet rays up to 400 nm, including UVA, UVB and UVC rays.
This is a great bonus in addition to keeping the eyes safe from the ultra violet radiation.
Most people are familiar with the visible light spectrum, which comprises the colors red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The visible spectrum has a wavelength from red's approximately 700 nm (nanometers = billionths of a meter) to violet's mere 400 nm.
Colors come in Blue, Green, Hazel and Violet.
Violet gradient lenses are set in a violet metal frame with the Chanel logo on both the temple and nose pads.
It comes in colors such as violet, black or Havana.
Colors such as brown and black are featured in many of the styles but it is not unusual to see colors such as violet, pink or red featured in the collection as well.
Players help the Baudelaire orphans -- Violet, Klaus, and Sunny -- identify the villainous Count Olaf and his associated by deducing which room held which villain or weapon.
Parker's comments on the 2000 vintage: The Cuvee Catherine is a wine of extraordinary ripeness and richness with intense violet aromas mixed with scents of blackberry and cherry liqueur.'
For right now, this is a fully realized Pinot Noir with an elegant nose of raspberry, strawberry, and violet flowers.
While it isn't pink, the LG Vortex is available in a violet color.
Similarly, the BlackBerry Curve 8530 is available in a smoky violet, but only as a pre-owned mobile phone.
Heliotrope-A plant (Heliotropium arborescens) related to borage that has lavender or deep violet flowers.
ROYGBIV, or red, orange yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet -- those rainbow colors -- are what enable laser, or light energy to work.
Cool reds include burgundy, violet and purple, while warm reds include copper, bronze, and auburn.
Gentian violet, a purple dye, used to be a common remedy.
One medical study, using large amounts of gentian violet in rats, found that it could cause cancer.
Although cancer from gentian violet has not been observed in humans, some doctors choose not to recommend it for this reason.
Even wearing a loose shirt on a "fat day" has sparked rumors of a sibling in the oven for Katie Holmes' daughter Suri and Jennifer Garner's daughter Violet.
Rose Violet: Bright and cheery, this violet is a must for those who love color that's in full bloom.
As the ozone layer depletes, the effects of ultra violet rays are increased, and your child's delicate skin is at risk not only for a painful sunburn, but for skin cancer as well.
One of the main reasons to purchase a rash guard is to protect your child from the damaging effects of ultra violet exposure.
Lenses are shatter-resistant polycarbonate plastic and come equipped with ultra violet protection to shield childrens' delicate eyes.
The bottom of the suit is colored in a rich, jewel-tone purple that gradually tapers into violet, pink, sherbet orange and, finally, sunny yellow.
Ultra violet protection is a serious consideration for outdoor swimmers.
At the other end of the spectrum, those seeking to protect their skin from the potentially harmful effects of ultra violet rays can now wear suits made from UV protective fabrics that carry a UPF of 50 +.
Ocean: An ethereal dreamscape done in moody and evocative shades of blue, including deep ultramarine, sky and violet.
Eugenia - Features a hand print look with rich violet edges.
Violet leaf and lemongrass work almost as well as meditation to give you that perfect feeling of well-being.
For example, you would need over 1,500 pounds of violet flowers to make just 1 pound of violet essential oil.
Color choices are: light pink, sky blue, white, peach, violet and cream.
One of the most useful resources for people who intend to be sexually active in their dating, whether it starts online or not, is Violet Blue's Modern Safer Sex Guide.
The Violet Clutch is almost distressed enough for sport's night at the local bar.
Visit The Purple Store for Violet L.A.P.A. Crocodile-Print Leather Tote along with all things purple for your color craving.
It's available in various colors, like the always-reliable black and fall-appropriate violet, and boasts a sturdy metal handle.
Right in line with the current season's trends, the company releases a slew of new bags every few months, all lavishly dyed in rich, true hues like fuchsia, violet, cobalt blue, turquoise, emerald and yellow, to name but a few.
The signature Kiely stem print is delicately embossed into your choice of glossy black, cream or violet leather, for a look that is pure sophistication from top to bottom.
Far from a wall flower or shrinking violet, this sign is always open and in full bloom to life and life experiences.
The seven basic colors that make up the chart are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.
Violet is the highest color and the crown chakra.
Watch your violet aura for signs that it is turning more lavender to indicate imagination, visions or dreams.
While faux glows are the way to go if you want darker skin, there are still plenty of people who enjoy getting a little darker through UV (ultra violet) ray exposure.
Violet and Cooper are two other physicians in the co-op who share a strong friendship.
Despite being a psychiatrist, it's clear Violet has a lot of her own hang-ups.
Other major events include Pete and Violet's relationship, Violet's subsequent pregnancy and who's the daddy drama with Sheldon for a time.
The season finale involved a horrific attack on Violet by one of her mental patients, who cut the baby from Violet's body and left her to bleed to death.
The series third season focuses on Violet's difficult struggle to cope with her post-traumatic stress disorder and emotional distance from her son Lucas as well as Pete's struggle to reach out to Violet across the gulf.
This drives Violet to finally reach out for her son.
The Bennetts started the practice that also includes psychiatrist Violet Turner (Amy Brenneman), pediatrician Cooper Freedman (Paul Adelstein), and alternative medicine specialist Pete Wilder (Tim Daly).
Violet and Cooper pursue a friends-with-benefits relationship.
Violet dates Sheldon (Brian Benben), who works at Pacific Wellcare, but tries to keep dating Pete as well.
This season features a Grey's Anatomy crossover when Miranda brings a kidney transplant to L.A. Violet gives up her baby to Pete while she recovers.
Addison begins dating Pete, causing friction with Violet, who decides to take him to court to pursue joint custody.
The piercing site is cleaned and marked with Gentian violet or a single use, disposable piercing marker.
This can be done with a single use surgical marker or Gentian violet ink applied with a toothpick.
The piercing site is prepared and cleaned, and the piercer will use a single use surgical marker or a small dot of Gentian violet antiseptic to mark the piercing's placement.
Purple and violet are energizing colors.
Designed with precision, this cool and pretty Casio Baby G watch for girls comes with purple Scratch resistant mineral crystal, Translucent purple Case and Translucent purple (violet, magenta) translucent design Band.
Available colors include black, cream and meadow violet, and you can expect to pay about $29.00 for the look.
The thong is available in lace floral as well as several other colors, like deep ruby, whisper pink, black, white, and sugared violet.
This gown is available in a deep violet magenta, chocolate and sea blue.
Tiffany New York Pollard was no shrinking violet on Flavor of Love.
Ultra violet rays have many damaging effects on the skin, including pre-mature aging.
Exposure: Depending on your skin tone and prior exposure to ultra violet rays, you may frequent a tanning booth in smaller intervals to avoid burns.
Vitamin E: Vitamin E works as an antioxidant, protecting skin from pollution, the prescription drugs we take and ultra violet light.
It may be generally inferred that an increase in molecular weight is accompanied by a change in colour in the direction of the violet.
VIOLET.
Munbyana, a native of Algeria, with large violet or yellow flowers; V.
pedata, the bird's-foot violet, with pedately divided leaves and usually bright blue flowers; V.
rothomagensis, a native of western Europe, with flowers bright blue striped with black, and sometimes called the Rouen violet; and V.
suavis, a native of Asia Minor, the Russian violet, with pale-blue sweet-scented flowers.
The application of an infusion of violet leaves was at one time believed to have the power of reducing the size of cancerous growths, but its use is now discredited.
It is volatile (para-oxybenzaldehyde is not) and gives a violet coloration with ferric chloride.
Generally only one bow is clearly seen; this is known as the primary rainbow; it has an angular radius of about 410, and exhibits a fine display of the colours of the spectrum, being red on the outside and violet on the inside.
Sometimes an outer bow, the secondary rainbow, is observed; this is much fainter than the primary bow, and it exhibits the same play of colours, with the important distinction that the order is reversed, the red being inside and the violet outside.
Taking the refractive index of water for the red rays as 0;, and for the violet rays as 1 r, we can calculate the following values for the minimum deviations corresponding to certain assigned values of n.
2 represents sections of the drop and the cones containing the minimum deviation rays after I, 2, 3 and 4 reflections; the order of the colours is shown by the letters R (red) and V (violet).
It is apparent, therefore, that all drops transmitting intense light after one internal reflection to the eye will lie on the surfaces of cones having the eye for their common vertex, the line joining the eye to the sun for their axis, and their semi-vertical angles equal to about 41° for the violet rays and 43° for the red rays.
The observer will, therefore, see a coloured band, about 2° in width, and coloured violet inside and red outside.
Similarly, drops transmitting rays after two internal reflections will be situated on covertical and coaxial cones, of which the semi-vertical angles are 51° for the red rays and 54° for the violet.
The presence of so small a quantity as i% of alcohol may be detected in ether by the colour imparted to it by aniline violet; if water or acetic acid be present, the ether must be shaken with anhydrous potassium carbonate before the application of the test.
No shrinking violet, Salma Hayek shows up on many lists of the hottest female celebrities.