If you're wearing thin khaki pants with a high waist, for example, not only do you run the risk of vertical panty lines (unless you're wearing a thong or G-string), but you may just have a horizontal line, too.
They all wear green, and Delta children wear khaki.
Whether you're searching for a black dress to wear to dinner with your partner or a pair of convertible khaki pants to wear during a girls-only shopping trip, Mimi Maternity has the wardrobe essentials that every mom-to-be needs.
Students may be thinking they'll need to wear white dress shirts and itchy wool blazers all day, while teachers may be thinking more along the lines of polo shirts with the school logo and a pair of khaki pants.
For example, if your daughter's school requires a white polo shirt and a khaki skirt, those can be found at any store that sells kids' clothes, even if they aren't specifically labeled as girls' school uniforms.
How about camo print shirts with a slogan in white, then full on khaki cargo pants, camo print shirts with a slogan in white, then full on khaki cargo pants, camo face paint and bandanas.
How about camo print shirts with a slogan in white, then full on khaki cargo pants, camo face paint and bandanas.
And most importantly," he finished as he folded up the paper and slide it into the front pocket of his khaki shorts, "We do not ever, ever leave food in, around or near our tents for the black bears to smell."
envious glances from passing anglers, whose khaki bush hats were quite put to shame.
Among the miscellaneous cloths made or made partly of cotton may be mentioned: waste cloths, made from waste yarns and usually coarse in texture; khaki cloth, made largely for military clothing in cotton as well as in woollen; cottonade, a name given to various coarse low cloths in the United States and elsewhere; lasting, which seems to be an abbreviation of "lasting cloth," a stiff, durable texture used in making shoes, &c. bolting cloth, used in bolting or sifting; brattice cloth, a stout, tarred cloth made of cotton or wool and used for bratticing or lining the sides of shafts in mines; sponge cloths, used for cleaning machinery; shoddy and mungo, which though mainly woollen have frequently a cotton admixture; and splits, either plain or fancy, usually of low quality, which include any cloth woven two or three in the breadth of the loom and "split" into the necessary width.
Khaki suede, single eyelets, white crepe soles, made by Clarks of England, much favored by Special Forces soldiers.
Water bottle strap Brown leather Water bottle, cups, pots etc Painted dull green, or cloth covered, so probably greenish-tinged khaki.
The walls are pale khaki, which looks beautiful with the black marble tops.
Be ready for fun when your lookin ' snappy in khaki !
For Scouts in camo, we used the same greenish Khaki but with dark green splotches on top.
Within five years of the first Girl Scout uniform design, two additional uniform styles were developed - a khaki colored coatdress that buttoned down the front or a short coat to wear with the skirt.
Officer's peaked caps could be the old style or greenish khaki.
Her son, Guy, has been called up for the army, his tall, thin frame enclosed in rough khaki.
Default color: Men: light greenish-tinged khaki (see Bueno, Turnball, 1978, B2 ).
The new High Summer Collection features ruched tops, provocative beachwear, silk combat trousers and a khaki parka made of delicate parachute silk.
ruched tops, provocative beachwear, silk combat trousers and a khaki parka made of delicate parachute silk.
The loose fitting pull-on gown is made from khaki cotton, with a hem edged with dark brown suede fringing.
unbuttoned pea coat, khaki pants, sweater, gloves holding a duffel bag.
Know that brown eyes work well with dark charcoal colors, soft tans with traces of pink for blue eyes, and khaki with traces of yellow for green eyes.
If you have decided on beige colored draperies, buy sheers that are khaki.
Beige and khaki are not the same colors but they have the same color tones.
Neutrals such as khaki greens, browns, and taupes are very popular when combined with off-whites and creams.
As for your eye color, some colors to try are brown, apricot, purple, plum, deep khaki or forest green (because they are in the same greenish family, they brighten green eyes).
You can also scoop one up in a wear-with-everything neutral hue, such as beige or khaki.
Once you have your silk shirt chosen, consider getting khaki or beige pants.
A red tuxedo shirt with a white or khaki suit can make summer wedding attire stand out amongst the rest of the traditional summer outfits.
For a natural look you can try something like brown and cream or khaki green and off-white.
Individual bath towels are also available, all in a wide selection of colors that range from khaki to plum.
Some public schools require children to wear khaki shorts and outlaw denim, while others have no issue with jean shorts.
You may find your little boy has white or light khaki pants as one of his dress code options.
They are available in many varieties and fabrics, including khaki, olive green, and the conventional denim.
Toggle coats often are made of wool; however, there are some other types of toggle coats, for example khaki ones, that make for a nice twist on the classic wool toggle coat.
Boys (or parents of boys) who like a classic style may find this Gap khaki toggle coat to be an attractive option.
Girls pants remain classic in a lot of ways, namely in black, khaki and navy blue dress pants available year round.
Khakis: Wearing a polo top with a pair of khaki pants or shorts gives a boy a clean-cut, sophisticated look.
Skirts: Whether a girl wears a plaid skirt, denim skirt or plain khaki skirt, polo tops work well with all of these looks.
When they became factory produced, the blue was changed over to khaki and dark olive.
If he doesn't want to wear a suit (or if the occasion doesn't really call for one), a boy can still look picture-perfect in a sweater and khaki pants ensemble.
Parents who want to have options in casual dressy attire for their children will appreciate the versatility of kids' khaki pants for various occasions.
As with khaki pants for grownups, children's khakis work year round.
Dressy khaki pants are usually pressed and more tailored in design than casual khakis.
Preppy fashion for boys or girls often calls for crisp khaki pants.
Khaki pants plus sweater: Whether a child wears a cardigan or pullover, khakis paired with a sweater is a classic combination.
Khakis with pressed shirt: A crisp oxford shirt paired with khaki pants is a preppy child's go-to outfit.
Khakis with tee: For children who lean toward more casual clothing options, kids' khaki pants also pair with tee shirts.
With the increasing number of public schools requiring children to wear uniforms, parents may find khaki pants as a popular option for both genders.
Parents and children alike may discover how versatile and classy khaki pants can be.
You'll be able to find suits in khaki, grey, traditional black, navy, and even pinstriped varieties.
For the rare person who doesn't know, cargo pants are loose, often khaki, pants with large flap pockets on each thigh.
Most toddlers wear their Elmo clothes with jeans, shorts, or khaki pants.
Khaki pants and polo: Khaki pants are casual but dressy enough for most occasions.
Dress pants, dress shirt and sweater vest: To achieve this dressy casual look, pair khaki or dress pants with a dress shirt.
The uniforms are available in the colors most commonly used by schools like navy, khaki or red.
Cookie's Kids carries a basic uniform short in navy and khaki.
For a slightly more casual short appropriate for school uniforms, Sears carries a Dockers short in navy or khaki.
Hall Closet Uniforms offers a very plain, flat-front long short in khaki with belt loops and side pockets.
Black, khaki, chocolate, red, and sage are all popular colors.
This flooring is lighter in color than the carbonized type, similar to a light tan or khaki color.
Their Kings' Court Four-Button solid jacket comes in navy, black, dark khaki or gray shark.
Comfort Clothing carries elastic waist shorts for men, which are available in black, khaki or navy colors.
Choose from colors like charcoal, sand, blue or khaki and wear them with a belt or without; these shorts feature belt loops.
Men usually wear khaki pants and cotton shirts in plaid or stripes.
An oxford-button down collar is less formal and looks great when paired with khaki pants.
For a more casual look, wear one without a tie and a pair of dress pants, khaki pants or dressy jeans.
Dockers caught on like wildfire and the whole industry followed suit with Dockers-style pants and shorts, made in khaki and denim.
Unless you have a very distinctive sense of humor, your best bet is to wear a khaki colored sports coat with a similarly styled pair of pants.
For example, try a pair of khaki pants with a lighter tan dress shirt to add the illusion of height.
For $45.95, two colors are available; stonewashed and khaki denim.
Almost every man owns the classic pair of khaki pants and a crisp white button down shirt.
Dress Performance Khaki Pants are essential for any man wanting to look like he is wearing a pair of tailored pants.
Try one in either khaki, navy, new rust, wine or tea.
This sport coat is done in Montana Khaki and is machine washable.
Color options from traditional khaki and other muted earth tones to camo.
Flat front comes in your choice of colors including khaki, black, string, navy and taupe; the pleated Cool 18 shorts come in black, navy, khaki and string.
What man doesn't need a pair of khaki shorts?
Haggar Classic Khaki Shorts are made from 100% wrinkle resistant cotton and have a rigid waistband.
They come in either pleated or flat front and in two shades of khaki: caviar or string, and also in navy blue.
Flat front shorts come in your choice of bark, British khaki or string, and the pleated come in bark, navy, British khaki or string.
They come in styles to match the taste of any man and in a range of colors from khaki to basic black.
For a cool night in the summer, wear khaki dress shorts with a v-neck sweater.
Wear a classic pair of khaki dress shorts and polo shirt along with your golf shoes.
The classics, such as basic jeans, khaki pants, crisp button-down shirts, blazers, polo shirts and sweaters, never go out of style.
For years, Oakton brand men's shorts were a great option for men who wanted smart khaki shorts that were very much for men, not boys.
The true khaki look of the shorts makes them safari-ready.
The Oakton brand men's shorts were as good as the similar-looking khaki shorts that were being sold at Banana Republic, but cost a fraction of that price.
The thoughtful design and low price makes it that much more attractive in retrospect.However, if you want quality khaki shorts, there are many modern options available.
Popular purveyors of all things khaki, Dockers makes several good shorts at reasonable prices.
You can also find smart khaki shorts from American Eagle, Patagonia and Land's End.
But if you just want quality khaki shorts, there are many more modern options from which to choose.
Dress shoes, freshly polished, in a color that matches the suit and slacks-black for black, gray, or charcoal pants, and brown for chocolate, khaki, or tan pants.
Cargo pants are often found in muted earth tones like khaki and olive green, and have the traditional pants pockets at the hips, plus the two in the back.
It pairs perfectly with everything from jeans to shorts to khaki pants, and it offers a much more relaxed alternative to a button-down shirt and even a polo shirt.
The classic trench coat is beige or khaki, double-breasted and belted, with a back flap and vent.
The Vintage Army shop recently offered a 1960s trench in gabardine - a deep khaki double-breasted coat that looks at once retro and modern.
Trench coats come in black, brown, olive and beige, but the standard beige, which varies by khaki and sand, can be the most convenient.
For example, the best sock choice for khaki pants is Stacy Adams Silkies or Gemstone style in bone, ivory, or taupe; they are also available in other colors, like navy, to coordinate with other outfits.
Lighter fabrics such as nylon or linen tend to look better than denim or khaki.
You can never go wrong with a great pair of khaki pants and a button-down dress shirt in soft stripe.
Some popular colors include khaki, navy, black, red, white and blue.
L.L. Bean's Washed Twill Bucket Hat comes in Khaki, Navy and Stone, and is done in a traditional style that has a contrasting color hat band as well as ventilation holes.
Color choices for this hat are Khaki and Navy, and it comes in sizes small to extra large.
It comes in colors such as Khaki, Navy and Yellow.
They are the perfect complement to a pair of khaki shorts and a simple white tee, and go just as well with jeans and a lightweight button-down.
These plain smooth-toe socks fit up to a size 16 and come in black, brown, khaki and navy.
These socks are a khaki color with brown, black and rust stripes.
These khaki shorts have two back welt pockets and constructed belt loops.
Tour Pleat Men's Golf Shorts: These are available in black, dark grey, granite, and khaki.
For instance, don't pair a cotton wrap top with jersey fabric shorts; better options are cotton, khaki, linen or denim.
Cargo shorts are typically a knee length short in a neutral color (such as khaki, olive drab or black) that have a large number of pockets.
Khaki long shorts paired with a collared shirt or blouse and sneakers like Keds create a classic look that is comfortable for everyday wear.
The company's cotton canvas barn coat is an easy, everyday-appropriate piece that wears well with nearly everything thanks to its simple khaki hue.
It hits at the waist and is available in both khaki and red.
It is sized to 3X and available in khaki.
Here, you'll find classic styles, like the Canvas Field Coat, a lightweight topper available khaki, brown and navy.
Choose from colors perfect for summer like New Khaki, Watermelon and White.
Colors include Cinnamon, Turquoise Blue, New Khaki and Bright Raspberry.
It is a perfect summer top that can be worn with a pair of khaki pants and a cute straw hat.
At Avenue, a favorite online shop for women from sizes 14 to 32, there is a smart capri set available in turquoise blue, new khaki or bright raspberry.
Cargo pants are made from cotton and are typically khaki in color, but also come in greens, blues and black.
Employ the earth tones of beige, tan, and khaki freely about the home.
A pair of long-legged denim or khaki overalls can take you through every season during your pregnancy simply by changing the type of shirt you wear with it.
Captains Bay trunks combine pure khaki front and back pieces with cream on khaki side panels in a tropical palm print.
Another great design, Joe's Safari Island swim trunks feature a print filled with tropical greenery in shades of cream, khaki and gray.
Solid Swim Trunks by Beach Rays: Three colors are available here: black, navy, and khaki.
It has underwire for support and comes in black with ruffled trim in khaki.
Imagine the difference between a khaki trench, jeans and boots and a gold trench with the same outfit.
It is better to wear trousers to work than khaki pants, however, it really does depends on your line of employment.
Just Denim Skirts offers a selection of long skirts in a number of colors, including white and khaki along with the typical blue.
Short cotton workout shorts, traditional Soffee shorts, khaki shorts, cargo shorts, tiny blue jean shorts in any wash you could imagine, and even tiny skorts could be considered skimpy.
Common colors include khaki, black or brown cotton blends.
Indiana Jones wears khaki pants, a button up tan safari shirt with pockets, a dark brown leather jacket, and a brown floppy wool fedora type hat.
Luckily there are variations of his hat that will work in his costume, especially if the other parts of the outfit are in browns and khaki.
Take a look at thrift stores or department stores for brown, tan, or khaki pants.
If you can't find dark brown go with khaki or tan canvas.
You'll need some dark blue cargo shorts (but khaki shorts will do in a pinch) and a light blue shirt.
For example, if you ask your partner, "What did you do last night?" he or she may respond with, "Well, I put on a polo shirt with khaki pants.
Great Range of Neutral Colors: From more traditional black to more modern khaki and denim combos, the range of neutral bags add to the versatility of these designer bags.
Available colors include gunmetal/black and gunmetal khaki.
Available in black or khaki Italian canvas and trimmed in natural leather, this fashionable mini tote looks great alone or stashes nicely in a larger bag to keep things organized.
Style Feeder: Style Feeder offers a khaki and brown Soho Pocket Tote, and all the important details, for example, the nickel hardware and double leather straps, are there.
This is a great bag, no matter the occasion and even better, it's also available in khaki and white and black and white.
Prices here range from $19.97 to $21.96, and the colors are limited to pink, blue and khaki.
The former is available in several colors, including black, khaki, olive, and sand dune, and has a water resistant coating a rigid to protect the bag's contents.
The available colors tend to vary, but the bag has been spotted in black, khaki and a very delicious red.
Julia is a small leather handbag that comes in a variety of colors including black, silver, khaki and cherry.
Signature Stripe Khaki Rose: This elegant wallet is a must for the woman who prefers the traditionally long and lean wallet silhouette.
Slacks, shorts, or skorts in black, navy, or khaki (no jeans).
Slacks, shorts, skirts, or skorts in black, navy, or khaki (no jeans).
Blue or khaki slacks, shorts, or skirts; no jeans.
Jeans, khaki pants, solid color polo shirts, nice t-shirts -- all of these things will have a longer shelf life than that pink camouflage skirt and matching shirt set.
Most schools stick to solid colors, such as white, navy, or khaki.
Pants-In many cases, pants are either a khaki or navy color, although school systems may allow other colors as well.
Must be a specific material and color, such as khaki or navy.
They may not specify particular brands of clothing and are content if students simply wear khaki or navy pants and white button-down shirts.
Boys' shorts-These are available in khaki and navy and sell for under $12.
Boys' pants-These are available in khaki and navy and most are priced under $15.
Girls' shorts-These are available in khaki and navy and most cost less than $12.
Girls' scooters-These are available in khaki and navy and most are priced under $12.
Girls' pants-These are also available in khaki and navy and most are priced under $15.
Try the Vans Marianna in khaki with rose-colored details.
Comes in khaki, red, chocolate, lime, black, navy and sea blue.
On warmer Fall days, it will work well with khakis or even a knee-length khaki or tan skirt.
Sherpa boots come in colors such as khaki, brown and black.
A sporty mesh khaki sandal in suede with Velcro straps.
They are another classic and come in olive khaki with black trim, black, white and neutral gray with white trim.
It comes in black, purple, white, dark green with off-white trim and khaki with black.
The bulk of Hamilton's watches take aim at men, but the Khaki and American Classic lines have targeted women as well.
Whether it's a selection from the Khaki line or a tried and true American Classic, a wrist watch like the ones below never leaves a man wanting more.
For a muted green that resembles a soft khaki color, you can also try mixing a small amount of black with yellow paint.
These uniforms consisted of a khaki color blouse and skirt, a kerchief style tie and a wide brimmed hat with a GS logo pin on the center of the front.
Within the next five years, Girl Scouts had a choice of two styles of khaki colored uniforms.
A khaki colored crowned hat, neckerchief and webbed belt completed the uniform.
The most significant change was the move to a uniform that was two colors - dark khaki green pants and a tan shirt.
Boy Scouts have the option of choosing a long- or- short-sleeved shirt in a choice of khaki canvas poplin or Supplex nylon fabric.
For example, the working khaki uniform worn by officers and chief petty officers on ship is not only comfortable for everyday wear but also fire resistant, an added protection during wartime.
This uniform is almost identical to the uniform worn in World War II, with a khaki service coat, shoulder boards, and a black necktie.
Service Uniforms - Used when "underway" or for everyday duty, these are usually khaki for officers and Chief Petty Officers, or service whites for enlisted.
Other junior and "brownie" uniforms have khaki and brown, similar to their male counterparts, but most people associate a variety of green shades with Girl Scouting in America and the UK.
In fact, blue remained the color worn on the battlefield until the Spanish American War, when khaki uniforms were introduced.
It comes in a range of colors such as black, blue, cranberry, jade, khaki, navy, purple and red.
Whether you need a full Service Dress Navy uniform, a new khaki uniform shirt or a command ball cap, you can find it at a Navy Uniform Shop.
By the 1930s British soldiers wore khaki uniforms except for special occasions when they wore blue.
These khaki uniforms were among the first camouflage worn by military.
For example, the uniforms are all shades of blue, gray, and khaki.
These 1919 era uniforms were complemented by a khaki colored crowned hat, neckerchief and webbed belt.
These separates pieces include white polo shirts or other solid white shirts, khaki shorts, skorts or pants.
The tunic, vest or sash is then combined with a white top and khaki bottom to make up a complete official uniform.
Solid colors available include black, various shades of blue, pink, plum, purple, green, khaki, white, and more.
Service Dress Khaki: This uniform features a khaki service coat worn with a black necktie and shoulder boards.
However, this uniform features a long-sleeved, button-up shirt in khaki.
domineering man in a khaki coat then talks with me.
khaki trousers.
khaki uniform.
khaki shirt.
khaki shorts, I struck out as fast as I was able.
khaki color of my trousers.
khaki pants, sweater, gloves holding a duffel bag.
snappy in khaki!
In 2007, all of the uniforms of the Navy began to be reviewed, and several changes have been proposed, including a new Naval Service Uniform with black pants and khaki shirts to replace the service whites.
Since satin panties come in all styles, from thongs to hiphuggers, you can put them under everything from your favorite sweats when you're running errands to your work pants (again, skip them if they're white or light khaki!).
The 1914 uniform, which is currently on display at Girl Scout Camp Hoffman in West Kingston, RI, consisted of a khaki color blouse and skirt, a kerchief style tie and a wide brimmed hat with a GS logo pin on the front center.
Khaki button-down long-sleeved or short-sleeved shirts are worn over cotton t-shirts, usually open at the collar (unless the ranger is working in an office, in which case a khaki tie with a brass tie-tack would be appropriate).
They have an adorable, sexy bugle girl costume for $44.99 that consists of a cotton khaki mini-dress with a front-pleated skirt, gold military buttons, sergeant's stripes on the sleeves and ribbons above the breast.