A man with purple eyes.
Nina returned with a dress made of dark purple velvet and satin.
It was a man too familiar to be a stranger, with beautiful purple eyes, a small frame, and a face without emotion.
Hugging herself, she sensed the magic in the air and moved back a few steps, not wanting to be caught up in the purple crossfire.
His features were stoic, his beautiful purple eyes the color of spring flowers.
The man with translucent skin and purple eyes – the one Jonny hadn't exactly greeted with open arms – stood a few feet away.
Despite his desperate shouts that used to seem so terrible to the soldiers, despite his furious purple countenance distorted out of all likeness to his former self, and the flourishing of his saber, the soldiers all continued to run, talking, firing into the air, and disobeying orders.
Purple lightening rippled in the air nearby.
The priest came out with his purple velvet biretta on his head, adjusted his hair, and knelt down with an effort.
Glancing around at the men with purple eyes, she began to suspect that good cause was going to kill her.
Purple magic seized him, bound him, and lifted him into the air.
Martha joined them, slumping into the purple rocker, her favorite.
The rocking chairs were back, four in a row, red, green, yellow, and purple, adding a blaze of color against the century-old white building of Bird Song.
After a moment, he winked out of existence in a purple flash.
The cat declined a lap-offer in favor of the purple rocker, Martha's chair, as if to question the whereabouts of her missing friend.
Natasha had not time to take off the bodice before the door opened and Countess Bezukhova, dressed in a purple velvet gown with a high collar, came into the room beaming with good-humored amiable smiles.
A small purple purse sat on another shelf.
Three Others with glowing purple eyes stood several feet away, frozen in surprise.
He was a small man with eyes that were more purple than blue.
Jenn dodged one and saw the flash of purple from the corner of her eye.
No doubt the bird had mistaken the purple silk for something good to eat.
Her other dress is purple, trimmed with purple velvet, and the waist has a collar of cream lace.
The man with purple eyes knelt in front of her.
He whistled as he shook it, and the color went from purple to orange.
She'd been sleeping somewhat well beside the panoramic window when purple light lit up the foyer.
Purple light arced through the broken glass windows, high above.
Jonny whirled, starting towards Ashley, when the teen girl winked out of existence in a flash of purple light.
Purple flashes appeared around them suddenly as his men appeared.
Purple lightning lit up the space around them.
Men her size hurled strange purple lightening towards Darian.
With astonishing agility, the Grey God outmaneuvered lightening, weaving through the bursts of purple fire in a lethal dance.
It bristled with purple power and was focused on her.
He disappeared with a wink of purple light.
Purple lightening sizzled past her towards Xander.
The air was filled with electricity and the battlefield a mix of red fog and purple lightening.
When he entered, Prince Andrew, his eyes drooping contemptuously (with that peculiar expression of polite weariness which plainly says, "If it were not my duty I would not talk to you for a moment"), was listening to an old Russian general with decorations, who stood very erect, almost on tiptoe, with a soldier's obsequious expression on his purple face, reporting something.
For me no thrifty spinners weave purple garments.
The corolla is tubular with a spreading limb, and varies widely in colour, being white, yellow, orange, crimson, scarlet, blue or purple.
in gold uncial letters upon a purple ground, as distinguished from the vermilion cursive letters of the rest of the MS. With this the sacrifice proper was concluded.
spent the greater part of his life; here Majorian was proclaimed; here the little Romulus donned his purple robe; here in the pinewood' outside the city his uncle Paulus received his decisive defeat from Odoacer.
He gave strenuous support to the Spartans; evidently he had already then formed the design, in which he was supported by his mother, of gaining the throne for himself after the death of his father; he pretended to have stronger claims to it than his elder brother Artaxerxes, who was not born in the purple.
Dean caught sight of Paulette Dawkins grabbing wildly at a purple contribution.
His body adjusted to the physical blows while his magic absorbed the purple lightning.
Purple lightning sizzled and a guardsman's sword arced towards her simultaneously.
Jenn ducked at the sight of purple lightning, stunned when he caught it midair and flung it back towards the Other.
She bolted into the red and purple mess.
The merchant put the gold in a bag of purple silk which he tied to his belt underneath his long cloak.
"Now then, you devil's puppet, look alive and hunt for it!" shouted Denisov, suddenly, turning purple and rushing at the man with a threatening gesture.
"Quite avare, your excellency," suddenly shouted the colonel, touching his horse and turning purple in the face.
He was lying on his back propped up high, and his small bony hands with their knotted purple veins were lying on the quilt; his left eye gazed straight before him, his right eye was awry, and his brows and lips motionless.
It was an autumn night with dark purple clouds, but no rain.
She twisted in her chair to see a man near the dark windows whose eyes were the color of her bright purple Easter dress.
She emerged from the bathroom in flashy purple ski pants, a matching wool sweater.
Toby's backpack was there along with his pink coat.  Rhyn straightened, angry at himself for not hearing the boy leave.  A flash of purple caught his eye through the trees, and he loped through the forest.
The cuneiform symbols on his back were purple, marking him as a servant to the Others.
Her gaze shifted to the purple ring around Brady's neck before she returned to her microcomputer.
Its colors were pale purple and the bed beneath him more comfortable than any he'd lain in.
"The coat is pink and there are purple hearts on the sweater," Toby said.
Purple magic arced from his body and slammed Darian into a tree.
Without seeing the form clearly, she did see the purple lightening start to form in the hands of the Original Other.
Relying solely on his mortal senses, the Other unleashed a bolt of purple lightening.
Only in the descriptions of scenery, which here resemble too much purple patches, does George Sand reveal her true inspiration, the artistic qualities by which she will live.
long gilded spear, crossed at the top by a bar from which hung a square purple cloth, richly jewelled.
It burns with a purple flame, forming carbon dioxide and nitrogen; and may be condensed (by cooling to - 25° C.) to a colourless liquid, and further to a solid, which melts at - 34.4° C. (M.
The Trigla polyommata, or flying garnet, is a greater beauty, with its body of crimson and silver, and its large pectoral fins, spread like wings, of a rich green, bordered with purple, and relieved by a black and white spot.
Prominent among a great variety of song-birds and insectivorous birds are the robin, blue bird, cat bird, sparrows, meadow-lark, bobolink, thrushes, chickadee, wrens, brown thrasher, gold finch, cedar wax-wing, flycatchers, nuthatches, flicker (golden-winged woodpecker), downy and hairy woodpeckers, rose-breasted grosbeak, Baltimore oriole, barnswallow, chimney swift, purple martin, purple finch (linnet), vireos and several species of warblers.
Thus any twining plant with a heart-shaped leaf, white and green above and purple beneath, is called by them guaco (R.
AMETHYST, a violet or purple variety of quartz used as an ornamental stone.
Purple corundum, or sapphire of amethystine tint, is called Oriental amethyst, but this expression is often applied by jewellers to fine examples of the ordinary amethystine quartz, even when not derived from Eastern sources.
A genus much represented is Culcasia, and swampy localities are thickly set with the giant Cyrtosperma arum, with flower spathes that are blotched with deep purple.
Ground orchids and tree orchids are well represented; Polystachya liberica, an epiphytic orchid with sprays of exquisite small flowers of purple and gold, might well be introduced into horticulture for its beauty.
high and bears large pear-shaped fruits, green or deep purple in colour, with a firm yellowish-green marrow-like pulp surrounding a large seed.
The cones, produced in great abundance, are short and oval in shape, the scales with rugged indented edges; they are deep purple when young, but become brown as they ripen.
It is the adrectal gland, and in the genera Murex and Purpura secretes a colourless liquid which turns purple upon exposure to the atmosphere, and was used by the ancients as a dye.
On the under side of the free edge of the mantle are situated the numerous small cutaneous glands which, in the large A plysia camelus (not in other species), form the purple secretion which was known to s the ancients.
The first is flaccid and sluggish in its movements, and has not much power of contraction; its epipodial lobes are enormously developed and extend far forward along the body; it gives out when handled an abundance of purple liquid, which is derived from cutaneous glands situated on the under side of the free edge of the mantle.
Sugar and maize; lemons, apricots and melons; cotton, muslin and damask; lilac and purple (azure and gules are words derived Fulk of Anjou, = Melisinda Alice = Bohemund II.
The desired effect may be produced by a graduation of the same colour, or by a polychromatic scale - such as white, pale red, pale brown, various shades of green, violet and purple, in ascending order.
borage and Pulmonaria, were formerly used in medicine, and the roots yield purple or brown dyes, as in Alkanna tinctoria (alkanet).
In the north the plateau is overlain by red and purple unfossiliferous sandstones, capped near its edge by a cherty limestone also unfossiliferous but possibly of Lower Cretaceous age.
The advancing summer introduces many flowers of the sunflower family, until in August the plains are one blaze of yellow and purple.
The royal pinon (Erytlrrina velatina) is remarkable for the magnificent purple flowers that cover it.
The better (" purple ") varieties are mainly consumed in the island, and the smaller and less juicy " white " varieties exported.
Having entered the Roman army, he rose to be praetorian praefect in the Persian campaign of Gordian III., and, inspiring the soldiers to slay the young emperor, was raised by them to the purple (244).
cucullata, a free-flowering American species with violet-blue or purple flowers; V.
It is probable that certain privileges of the equites were due to Gracchus; that of wearing the gold ring, hitherto reserved for senators; that of special seats in the theatre, subsequently withdrawn (probably by Sulla) and restored by the lex Othonis (67 B.C.); the narrow band of purple on the tunic as distinguished from the broad band worn by the senators.
A mixture of stannous and stannic chloride, when added to a sufficient quantity of solution of chloride of gold, gives an intensely purple precipitate of gold purple (purple of Cassius).
The test is very delicate, although the colour is not in all cases a pure purple.
It is known that laymen were required to wear special garments, and the priests (who wore dark-red or purple) were sometimes called upon to change their garments in the course of a ceremony.
His head-dress was as distinctive as that of the high priest at Hierapolis, who wore a golden tiara and a purple dress, while the ordinary priests had a pilos (conical cap, also worn in Israel, Ex.
20), the female figure reclining on the lid wears a Greek chiton of a thin white material, with short sleeves fastened on the outside of the arm, by means of buttons and loops; a himation of dark purple thick stuff is wrapped round her hips and legs; on her feet are sandals, consisting of a sole apparently of leather, and attached to the foot and leg with leather straps; under the straps are thin socks which do not cover the toes; she wears a necklace of heavy pendants; her ears are pierced for ear-rings; her hair is partly gathered together with a ribbon at the roots behind, and partly hangs in long tresses before and behind; a flat diadem is bound round her head a little way back from the brow and 2 The tutulus was worn at Rome by the flaminica.
Purple, pale green and white, richly embroidered, are favourite colours in the dresses represented on the painted tombs.
We are told by ancient writers that the toga praetexta, with its purple border (lreplirop4wpos n'i13evva), as worn by Roman magistrates and priests, had been derived from the Etruscans (Pliny, N.H.
The plain white toga (toga Pura) was the ordinary dress of the citizen, but the toga praetexta, which had a border of purple, was worn by boys till the age of sixteen, when they assumed the plain toga virilis, and also by curule magistrates and some priests.
A purple toga with embroidery (toga pieta) was worn together with a gold-embroidered tunic (tunica palmata) by generals while celebrating a triumph and by magistrates presiding at games; it represented the traditional dress of the kings and was adopted by Julius Caesar as a permanent costume.
The tunica was precisely like the Greek chiton; that of the senator had two broad stripes of purple (latus clavus) down the centre, that of the knight two narrow stripes (angustus clavus).
The purple flower, which blooms late in autumn, is very similar to that of the common spring crocus, and the stigmas, which are protruded from the perianth, are of a characteristic orange-red colour.
The rainbow, which men call Iris, is a cloud that is purple and red and yellow.
The colours previously available for English table-glass were ruby, canary-yellow, emerald-green, dark peacock-green, light peacock-blue, dark purple-blue and a dark purple.
The Romans had at their command, of transparent colours, blue, green, purple or amethystine, amber, brown and rose; of opaque colours, white, black, red, blue, yellow, green and orange.
In these every colour and every shade of colour seem to have been tried in groat variety of combination with effects more or less pleasing, but transparent violet or purple appears to have been the most common ground colour.
Sometimes purple glass is used in place of brown, probably with the design of imitating the precious murrhine.
The ground of these cameo glasses is most commonly transparent blue, but sometimes opaque blue, purple or dark brown.
The stems are solid and marked with numerous shining, polished, yellow, purple or striped joints, 3 in.
The numerous cultivated varieties are distinguished mainly by the colour of the internodes, whether yellow, red or purple, or striped, and by the height.
Here Bardanes, taking the name of Philippicus, successfully incited the inhabitants to revolt, and on the assassination of Justinian he at once assumed the purple.
With the cinchona trees grow many kinds of melastomaceae, especially the Lasiandra, with masses of purple flowers, tree-ferns and palms. In the warm valleys there are large plantations of coca (Erythroxylon Coca), the annual produce of which is stated at 15,000,000 lb.
On the 16th of the month Maimacterion, a long procession, headed by a trumpeter playing a warlike air, set out for the graves; wagons decked with myrtle and garlands of flowers followed, young men (who must be of free birth) carried jars of wine, milk, oil and perfumes; next came the black bull destined for the sacrifice, the rear being brought up by the archon, who wore the purple robe of the general, a naked sword in one hand, in the other an urn.
The colors pass from deep brown through purple to yellow and white, thrown into relief by the dark green of non-deciduous shrubs and trees.
Thus, having pierced a spray of flowers in a thin sheet of shibuichi, the artist fits a slender rim of gold, silver or shakudo to the petals, leaves and stalks, so that an effect is produced of transparent blossoms outlined in gold, silver or purple.
The latter ceramist excelled also in the production of purple, green and yellow glazes, which he combined with admirable skill and taste.
Okamuia Yasutaro, commonly called Shozan, produces specimens which only a very acute connoisseur can distinguish from the work of Nomura Ninsei; Tanzan Rokuros half-tint enamels and soft creamy glazes would have stood high in any epoch; Taizan YOhei produces Awata faience not inferior to that of former days; Kagiya SObei worthily supports the reputation of the KinkOzan ware; Kawamoto Eijiro has made to the order of a well-known KiOto firm many specimens now figuring in foreign collections as old masterpieces; and ItO TOzan succeeds in decorating faience with seven colors sons couverte (black, green, blue, russetred, tea-brown, purple and peach), a feat never before accomplished.
Acting upon that theory, the experts of TokyO and Nagoya have produced many very beautiful specimens of monochrome enamelyellow (canary or straw), rose du Barry, liquid-dawn, red, aubergine purple, green (grass or leaf), dove-grey and lapis lazuli bl,ue.
A gold base deeply chiselled in wave-diaper and overrun with a paste of aubergine purple is the most pleasing.
It was industrial, depending largely on the purple and pottery trade.
Osmond.) Silver-copper [copper= 15% silver - 85%] reheated to purple colour.
It also possesses a splendid purple Here, the large dark masses are the silver or silver-rich substance that crystallized above the eutectic temperature, and the more minute black and white complex represents the eutectic. It is not safe to assume that the two ingredients we see are pure silver and pure copper; on the contrary, there is reason to think that the crystals of silver contain some copper uniformly diffused through them, and vice versa.
But the chief ornament of Lebanon is the Rhododendron ponticum, with its brilliant purple flower clusters; a peculiar evergreen, Vinca libanotica, also adds beauty to this zone.
He finally gained possession of the city through the treachery of the king's daughter Scylla, who, enamoured of Minos, pulled out the golden (or purple) lock from her father's head, on which his life and the safety of the city depended (for similar stories, see Frazer, Golden Bough, iii.
Berlin, 1884), holds that the purple or golden hair of Nisus is the sun, and Scylla the moon, and that the origin of the legend is to be looked for in a very ancient myth of the relations between the two, which he endeavours to explain with the aid of Indian and German parallels.
When the gold is finely divided, as in " purple of Cassius," or when it is precipitated from solutions, the colour is ruby-red, while in very thin leaves it transmits a greenish light.
Filter paper soaked with the clear solution is burnt, and the presence of gold is indicated by the purple colour of the ash.
In solution minute quantities of gold may be detected by the formation of " purple of Cassius," a bluish-purple precipitate thrown down by a mixture of ferric and stannous chlorides.
Thus by adding acid sodium sulphite to, or by passing sulphur dioxide at 50° into, a solution of sodium aurate, the salt, 3Na 2 SO 3 Au 2 SO 3.3H20 is obtained, which, when precipitated from its aqueous solution by alcohol, forms a purple powder, appearing yellow or green by reflected light.
Having lost his father at an early age, he owed much to his mother and to his guardian, Verginius Rufus, who had twice filled the office of consul and had twice refused the purple (ii.
The principal fodder crops are green barley and a tall clover called " sulla " (Hedysarum coronarum), having a beautiful purple blossom.
Greek merchants established a purple factory here (Sil.
The flowers issue from between the mammillae, towards the upper part of the stem, often disposed in a zone just below the apex, and are either purple, rose-pink, white or yellow, and of moderate size.
Kunkel shares with Boyle the honour of having discovered the secret of the process by which Brand of Hamburg had prepared phosphorus in 1669, and he found how to make artificial ruby (red glass) by the incorporation of purple of Cassius.
His dominions contained the monstrous ants that dug gold and the fish that gave the purple; they produced all manner of precious stones and all the famous aromatics.
He revolted in 1078 from Michael VII., and with the connivance of the Turks marched upon Nicaea, where he assumed the purple.
Though part of the plumage in many sun-birds gleams with metallic lustre, they owe much of their beauty to feathers which are not lustrous, though almost as vivid,' and the most wonderful combination of the brightest colours - scarlet, purple, blue, green and yellow - is often seen in one and the same bird.
Porphyrogennetos, " born in the purple") (905-959), East Roman emperor, author and patron of literature, was the son of Leo VI.
Although he recovered Isaac did not resume the purple, but retired to the monastery of Studion and spent the remaining two years of his life as a monk, alternating menial offices with literary studies.
The colour, too, of these antelopes tends in many cases to purple, with white markings.
azorica (a native of the Azores) with purple, ultimately blue flowers about half an inch across, has a similar habit but larger flowers; M.
by one Vestorius is mentioned by Vitruvius and the purple of Puteoli by Pliny, as being of special excellence), &c., but not agricultural products, except certain brands of Campanian wine; but its imports were considerably greater.
Other mineral substances obtained in small quantities are: pyrite, in St Lawrence county; arsenical ore, in Putnam county; red, green and purple slate, in Washington county; garnet in Warren, Essex and St Lawrence counties; emery and felspar, in Westchester county; and infusorial earth in Herkimer county.
The word Kpivov, on the other hand, included red and purple lilies, Plin.
auratum, with its large white flowers, having a yellow band and numerous red or purple spots, is a magnificent plant when grown to perfection; and so are the varieties called rubro-vittatum and cruentum, which have the central band crimson instead of yellow; and the broad-petalled platyphyllum, and its almost pure white sub-variety called virginale.
7, 9), and the High Priest of Hierapolis wore the princely purple and crown like the High Priest of the Jews (De dea syria, 42).
3, 3), in connexion with the history of Elagabalus, whose elevation to the Roman purple was mainly due to the extraordinary local influence of his sacerdotal place.
The flower is then said to be "rectified"; it is a bizarre when it has a yellow ground marked with purple or red, a bybloemen when it has a white ground marked with violet or purple, or a rose when it has a white ground marked with rose colour.
On heating it melts at 95.6° (Bunsen) to a liquid resembling mercury, and boils at 877.5° (Ruff and Johannsen, Ber., 1905, 38, p. 3601), yielding a vapour, colourless in thin layers but a peculiar purple, with a greenish fluorescence, when viewed through thick layers.
Nauseous flowers, dull and yellowish and dark purple in colour and often spotted, with a smell attractive to carrion flies and dung flies, e.g.
At Jebel-kahar and west of Traras, Pomel attributes certain conglomerates, red sandstones and purple and green shales to the Permian.
Some of the marble has the rich purple veins in which poets saw the blood of Atys.
On the death of Guiscard in 1085, his younger son Roger, born "in the purple" of a Lombard princess Sicelgaeta, succeeded to the duchy of Apulia and Calabria, and a war arose between Bohemund (whom his father had destined for the throne of Constantinople) and Duke Roger.
The purple or black phelonion, however, remained plain in all cases.
The place is little mentioned in ancient literature, though Silius Italicus tells us that it was hence that the Romans took their magisterial insignia (fasces, curule chair, purple toga and brazen trumpets), and it was undoubtedly one of the twelve cities of Etruria.
Its mineral produce, metal-work, purple and pottery not only found markets among these settlements, but were distributed over the Mediterranean in the ships of Corinth and Samos.
2), that this " magician " used in the Eucharist cups apparently mixt with wine, but really containing water, and during long invocations made them appear " purple and red, as if the universal Grace xapes dropped some of her blood into the cup through his invocation, and by way of inspiring worshippers with a passion to taste the cup and drink deep of the influence termed Charis."
It crystallizes in dark red prisms which are readily soluble in water; it is a valuable reagent for the detection of sulphur, this element when in the form of an alkaline sulphide giving a characteristic purple blue coloration with the nitroprusside.
Next to the Dunlin and Knot the commonest British Tringinae are the Sanderling, Calidris arenaria (distinguished from every other bird of the group by wanting a hind toe), the Purple Sandpiper, T.
In Stanzas written in Dejection near Naples the two lines 4, 5, "The purple noon's transparent might, I The breath of the moist earth is light," were printed in the 1st edition, "` The purple noon's transparent light," owing to the homoeographon " might" "light."
4, 242, "Purple and azure, white and green, and golden" (and inserted by Rossetti); Prince Athanase, 150 sqq.
The yellow stamen-bearing flowers are in sessile, nearly spherical catkins; the fertile ones vary in colour, from red or purple to greenish-white, in different varieties; the erect cones, which remain long on the branches, are above an inch in length and oblong-ovate in shape, with reddish-brown scales somewhat waved on the edges, the lower bracts usually rather longer than the scales.
The violet form gives a purple solution, and all its chlorine is precipitated by silver nitrate, the aqueous solution containing four ions, probably Cr(OH 2) 6 and three chlorine ions.
On evaporating the solution dark purple octahedra of the alum :are obtained.
The nitrate, Cr(NO 3) 3.9H 2 0, crystallizes in purple prisms and results on dissolving the hydroxide in nitric acid, its solution turns green on boiling.
- Tunic Of Linen, Vove With Bands Of Purple Wool Embroidered With White Flax.
With regard to natural products the country has few worth mentioning; minerals are found in the Lebanon, but not in any quantity; traces of amber-digging have been discovered on the coast; and the purple shell (murex trunculus and brandaris) is still plentiful.
One of their objects was the collection of murex, of which an enormous supply was needed for the dyeing industry; specially famous was the purple of the Laconian waters, the isles of Elishah of Ezek.
Isaac, drawn from his prison and robed once more in the imperial purple, received his son in state.
With the stocks, when a whiteflowered and hairless form is crossed with a cream-flowered and hairless one, all the offspring are purple and hairy.
Bateson considers that the purple colour is due to the simultaneous existence in the plant of two colour factors which may be designated by C and R.
The insignia (pontificalia or pontificals) of the Roman Catholic bishop are (I) a ring with a jewel, symbolizing fidelity to the church, (2) the pastoral staff, (3) the pectoral cross, (4) the vestments, consisting of the caligae, stockings and sandals, the tunicle, and purple gloves, (5) the mitre, symbol of the royal priesthood, (6) the throne (cathedra), surmounted by a baldachin or canopy, on the gospel side of the choir in the cathedral church.
68-83), and of the different kinds of purple dye (ix.
When William of Malmesbury describes the knighting of Athelstan by his grandfather Alfred the Great, that is, his investiture " with a purple garment set with gems and a Saxon sword with a golden sheath," there is no hint of any religious observance.
The ribbon is light watered blue, the collar of alternate gold elephants with blue housings and towers, the star of silver with a purple medallion bearing a silver or brilliant cross surrounded by a silver laurel wreath.
The ribbon is deep red bordered with purple.
The badge has an elaborate design; it consists of a star of purple, red, yellow, gold and silver rays, on which are displayed old Japanese weapons, banners and shields in various coloured enamels, the whole surmounted by a golden kite with outstretched wings.
tinctoria), which yield a rich purple dye; it once fetched a high price in the market.
Inferior to this is " cudbear," derived from Lecanora tartarea, which was formerly very extensively employed by the peasantry of north Europe for giving a scarlet or purple colour to woollen cloths.
Amongst other lichens affording red, purple or brown dyes may be mentioned Ramalina scopulorum, Parmelia, saxatilis and P. omphalodes, Umbilicaria pustulate and several species of Gyrophora, Urceolaria scruposa, all of which are more or less employed as domestic dyes.
This bird, believed to be the second kind of ibis spoken of by Herodotus, is rather smaller than the sacred ibis, and mostly of a dark chestnut colour with brilliant green and purple reflections on the upper parts, exhibiting, however, when young none of the rufous hue.
Besides the blue and purple of the spectrum he was able to recognize only one colour, yellow, or, as he says in his paper, "that part of the image which others call red appears to me little more than a shade or defect of light; after that the orange, yellow and green seem one colour which descends pretty uniformly from an intense to a rare yellow, making what I should call different shades of yellow."
Bright orange, yellow, red and purple hues predominate and are set off very effectively against the dark green pines with which the margins of the canyon are fringed, and the white foam of the river at the bottom of the chasm.
Amberboa moschata atropurpurea (Sweet Sultan): hardy, Li ft., purple; musk-scented.
Campanula macrostyla: hardy, I to 2 ft., purple, beautifully veined.
Centaurea Cyanus: hardy, 3 ft., blue, purple, pink or white; showy.
Collinsia bicolor: hardy, r i ft., white and purple; pretty.
Cosmos bipinnatus: half-hardy, 3 ft., rose, purple, white; requires sunny spots.
Hibiscus Trionum (africanus) : hardy, t z ft., cream colour, dark purple centre.
Iberis umbellata (Candytuft): hardy, t ft., white, rose, purple, crimson.
Kochia scoparia (Belvedere or lawn cypress): hardy, graceful green foliage, turning purple in autumn.
Linaria bipartita splendida: hardy, I ft., deep purple.
Nigella hispanica: hardy, 12 ft., pale blue, white or dark purple.
Salpiglossis sinuata: half-hardy, 2 to 3 ft., yellow, purple, crimson, &c. much varied and beautifully veined.
Senecio elegans: half-hardy, '1 ft., white, rose or purple; the various double forms are showy.
Limonum: bluish purple.
Cheiranthus Cheiri (Wallflower): hardy, 11 to 2 ft., red, purple, yellow, &c. really a perennial but better as a biennial.
Dianthus barbatus (Sweet William): hardy, I to I i ft., crimson, purple, white or parti-coloured.
Lunaria biennis (Honesty): hardy, 2 to 3 ft., purple; the silvery dissepiment attractive among everlastings.
Matthiola incana (two groups, the Brompton and the Queen stocks): hardy, 2 to 21 ft., white, red and purple.
aculeata, purple; M.
grandis, purple; M.
simplicifolia, violet purple, are grown with care in sheltered spots, and in rich, very gritty soil.
high, white tinged purple.
Verbascum Blattaria: hardy, 3 to 4 ft., yellowish, with purple hairs on the filaments; in tall spikes.
In the front row patches of the white arabis, the yellow alyssum, white, yellow, blue, or purple violas, and the purple aubrietia, recurring at intervals of 5 or 6 yards on a border of considerable length, carry the eye forwards and give a balanced kind of finish to the whole.
Camarum, 3 to 4 ft., has deep purple flowers in August; A.
sinense, to 2 ft., has large dark purple flowers in September; A.
japonica, flowers white and purple, are very easily grown and are particularly fine in autumn.
Besides the common purple A.
elegans, 3 to 5 ft., small pale purple or whitish; A.
hypoglottis, 6 in., produces in summer compact heads of pretty flowers, which are either purple or white.
Campbelliae is more compact and rather darker, approaching to purple; A.
C. pulla, 6 in., purplish, nodding, on slender erect stalks; C. turbinata, 9 in., purple, broad-belled; C. carpatica, i ft., blue, bfoad-belled; C. nobilis, 12 ft., long-belled, whitish or tinted with chocolate; C. persicifolia, 2 ft., a fine border plant, single or double, white or purple, blooming in July; and C. pyramidalis, 6 ft., blue or white, in tall branching spikes, are good and diverse.
Fraxinella is a very characteristic and attractive plant, 2 to 3 ft., with bold pinnate leaves, and tall racemes of irregular-shaped purple or white flowers.
purpurea, or foxglove, 3 to 5 ft., with its dense racemes of purple flowers, spotted inside, is very showy, but is surpassed by the garden varieties that have been raised.
high, with pinnate leaves, and masses of pinkish purple pea-like flowers.
colchicus, i ft., deep purple.
palustris, purple, both North American herbs, 3 to 5 ft.
fistulosa, 3 ft., purple; and M.
purpurea, 2 ft., deep purple, are good border flowers.
P. imbricata, 5 to 6 ft., has pale purple flowers in closely imbricated spikes.
high, has fleshy poisonous roots, erect purple stems and white flowers.
across, and purple in colour.
P. peltatum, the North American mandrake, has large umbrella-like leaves and white flowers; P. pleianthum, from China, purple.
Besides this, P. Sieboldii (cortusoides amoena), I ft., originally deep rose with white eye, but now including many varieties of colour, such as white, pink, lilac and purple; P. japonica, to 2 ft., crimson-rose; P. denticulate, ft., bright bluish-lilac, with its allies P. erosa and P. purpurea, all best grown in a cold frame; P. viscosa, 6 in., purple, and its white variety nivalis, with P. pedemontana and P. spectabilis, 6 in., both purple; and the charming little Indian P. rosea, 3 to 6 in., bright cherry-rose colour, are but a few of the many beautiful kinds in cultivation.
pyrenaica, 3 to 6 in., is a pretty dwarf plant, requiring a warm position on the rockwork and a moist, peaty soil more or less gritty; it has rosettes of ovate spreading root-leaves, and large purple, yellow-centred, rotate flowers, solitary, or two to three together, on naked stalks.
Henrici, deep purple; R.
crassifolia belong, are early-flowering kinds of great beauty, with fleshy leaves and large cymose clusters of flowers of various shades of rose, red and purple.
Boutignianum, pale rose, both have glaucous leaves tipped with purple; S.
grandiflorum, 10 in., deep purple or white, blooms about April, and is a fine plant for pot-culture in cold frames.
emarginata, 6 in., purple; S.
across, having zones of violet and yellow blotched with purple and tipped with scarlet.
phoeniceum, 3 ft., rich purple or white; and V.
The colour of the fruit varies from green to deep purple, the size from that of a small cherry to that of a hen's egg; the form is oblong acute or obtuse at both ends, or globular; the stones or kernels vary in like manner; and the flavour, season of ripening and duration are all subject to variation.
Belle de Louvain Belgian Purple.
(2) Export ore, with from 2 to 5% of copper, in whioh the sulphur, copper and precious metals are utilized, and the residual iron oxide then sold as "purple ore" for use in iron manufacture.
Though it contains far too much sulphur to be used in iron manufacture without first being desulphurized, yet great quantities of slightly cupriferous pyrite, after yielding nearly all their sulphur in the manufacture of sulphuric acid, and most of the remainder in the wet extraction of their copper, are then used under the name of " blue billy " or " purple ore," as an ore of iron, a use which is likely to increase greatly in importance with the gradual exhaustion of the richest deposits of the oxidized ores.
It oxidizes the carbon also, which escapes in purple jets of burning carbonic oxide.
As captain of the imperial bodyguard, he accompanied Julian in his Persian expedition; and on the day after that emperor's death, when the aged Sallust, prefect of the East, declined the purple, the choice of the army fell upon Jovian.
4.-Cope Of Embroidered Purple Silk Velvet.
As all attempts to conduct a satisfactory negotiation with this emperor failed before his impenetrable stupidity, Alaric, after instituting a second siege and blockade of Rome in 409, came to terms with the senate, and with their consent set up a rival emperor and invested the prefect of the city, a Greek named Attalus, with the diadem and the purple robe.
Branches of palm, olive or sprouting willow (hence in England known as "palm") having been placed before the altar, or at the Epistle side, after Terce and the sprinkling of holy water, the priest, either in a purple cope or an alb without chasuble, proceeds to bless them.
He talked at large of the "purple geese of the Capitol" and met the remonstrances of Cardinal Zelada, the papal secretary of state, with insults.
They wore brazen helmets with purple crests, and rough-haired black cloaks, in which they slept on the bare ground.
C. t has for its subject pavements and roads, their construction, mosaic floors; c. 2 is on white stucco for walls (opus albarium); c. 3 on concrete vaults, gypsum mouldings, stucco prepared for painting; c. 4 on building of hollow walls to keep out the damp, wall decoration by various processes; c. 5 on methods and styles of wall painting, the debased taste of his time; c. 6 on fine stucco made of pounded marble - three coats to receive wall paintings; c. 7 on colours used for mural decoration; c. 8 on red lead (minium) and mercury, and how to use the latter to extract the gold from wornout pieces of stuff or embroidery; c. 9 on the preparation of red lead and the method of encaustic painting with hot wax, finished by friction; cc. to-14 on artificial colours - black, blue, purple;, c. to white lead and ostrum, i.e.
murex purple and imitations of murex dye.
Various colors were used; beside the old green and blue, there were purple, violet, red, yellow and white.
The Roman glaze is thick and coarse, but usually of a brilliant Prussian blue, with dark purple and apple-green; and high reliefs of wreaths, and sometimes figures, are common.
The essential coloring materials are, for blue, copper; green, copper and iron; purple, cobalt; red, haematite; white, tin.
Avidius Cassius, who led the Roman forces in the war, usurped the purple, and was acknowledged by the armies of Syria and Egypt.
Above this belt the firs gradually disappear and are succeeded by the shortleaved Pinus montezumae, or Mexican " ocote " - one of the largest species of pine in the republic. These continue to the upper tree-line, accompanied by red and purple Pentstemon and light blue lupins in the open spaces, some ferns, and occasional masses of alpine flowers.
To the eye, however, members of this group present a greater variety of colour than those of any other - yellow, brown, olive, red, purple, violet and variations of all these being known.
A vase of Menes with purple inlaid hieroglyphs in green glaze and the tiles with relief figures are the most important pieces.
Where the rock projects it more usually appears in low crags and knolls, from which long trails of grey or purple debris descend till they are lost among the grass.
As an orator he well deserved the epithet of "the Hungarian purple Cicero."
The Roman soldiers mocked " the King of the Jews " with a purple robe and a crown of thorns.
These ancient rocks, which form the foundation of the country, are overlaid unconformably by a series of conglomerates and sandstones, generally unfossiliferous and often red or purple in colour, very similar in character to the Nubian sandstone of Upper Egypt.
Wampum was of two colours, dark purple and white, of cylindrical form, averaging a quarter of an inch in length, and about half that in diameter.
A strand of wampum, consisting of purple and white shell-beads or a belt woven with figures formed by beads of different colours, operated on the principle of associating a particular fact with a particular string or figure, thus giving a serial arrangement to the facts as well as fidelity to the memory.
The inflammable gas is carbon monoxide, which, however, does not burn with its proper purple flame, but with a flame tinged bright yellow by the sodium present.
In addition to Arcturus, the brightest in the group, the most interesting stars of this constellation are: e Bootis, a beautiful double star composed of a yellow star of magnitude 3, and a blue star of magnitude 62; Bootis, a double star composed of a yellow star, magnitude 41, and a purple star, magnitude 61-; and W.
They vary similarly in shape and size of ears, colour of the grain, which may be white, yellow, purple, striped, &c., and also in physical characters and chemical composition.
In both cases the colours are the same, - turquoise blue, copper green, dark purple or golden brown, under an exquisitely transparent glaze.
This was a branch of olive or laurel, bound with purple or white wool, round which were hung various fruits of the season, pastries, and small jars of honey, oil and wine.
This was properly the name of the shellfish (Purpura, Murex) which yielded the famous Tyrian dye, the particular mark of the dress of emperors, kings, chief magistrates and other dignitaries, whence "the purple" still signifies the rank of emperors or kings.
This title, generally translated "born in the purple," either refers to the purple robes in which the imperial children were wrapped at birth, or to a chamber or part of the imperial palace, called the Porphyra (iropckpa), where the births took place.
The genus Tropaeolum, native of South America and Mexico, includes about 35 species of generally climbing annual and perennial herbs with orange, yellow, rarely purple or blue, irregular flowers, T.
It is slightly soluble in hydrochloric and sulphuric acids, giving purple solutions.
On the 1st of May 305, the day of Diocletian's abdication, he also, but without his colleague's sincerity, divested himself of the imperial dignity at Mediolanum (Milan), which had been his capital, and retired to a villa in Lucania; in the following year, however, he was induced by his son Maxentius to reassume the purple.
In the variety C. purpurea, the leaves, as also the pellicle of the kernel and the husk of the nut, are purple, and in C. heterophylla they are thickly clothed with hairs.
The small development of Upper Carboniferous strata, visible on the shore south of Corrie and in Ben Lister Glen, consists of sandstones, red and mottled clays and purple shales, which yield plantremains of Upper Carboniferous facies.
The Cambrian rocks of Ireland, a great series of purple and green shales, slates and grits with beds of quartzite, have not yet yielded sufficient fossil evidence to permit of a correlation with the Welsh rocks, and possibly some parts of the series may be transferred in the future to the overlying Ordovician.
In northern France Cambrian rocks, mostly purple conglomerates and red shales, rest with apparent unconformability upon pre-Cambrian strata in Brittany, Normandy and northern Poitou.
It varies in colour with the wearer's rank: white for the pope, red (or black edged with red) for cardinals, purple for bishops, black for the lesser ranks; members of religious orders, however, whatever their rank, wear the colour of their religious habit.
The Sicilians honoured his august aspect as he moved amongst them with purple robes and golden girdle, with long hair bound by a Delphic garland, and brazen sandals on his feet, and with a retinue of slaves behind him.
Though they defeated Vindex and his Celtic levies at Vesontio (Besancon), their next step was to break the statues of Nero and offer the imperial purple to their own commander Virginius Rufus.
Here also are polished stalagmites, a rich buff slashed with white, and others, like huge mushrooms, with a velvety coat of red, purple or olive-tinted crystals.
She wore long woollen robes; a veil and a kerchief for the head, her hair being plaited up with a purple band in a conical form (tutulus); and shoes made of the leather of sacrificed animals; like her husband, she carried the sacrificial knife.
The leaves are rather short, curved, and often twisted; the male catkins, in dense cylindrical whorls, fill the air of the forest with their sulphur-like pollen in May or June, and fecundate the purple female flowers, which, at first sessile and erect, then become recurved on a lengthening stalk; the ovate cones, about the length of the leaves, do not reach maturity until the autumn of the following year, and the seeds are seldom scattered until the third spring; the cone-scales terminate in a pyramidal FIG.
The branches and corolla are purple, the fruit woolly.
Beautiful varieties have been introduced under the varietal names, ampelopsifolium, atropurpureum, dissectum, &c. They are remarkable for the coppery purple tint that pervades the leaves and young growths of some of the varieties.
On boiling, it yields a purple colour which with sulphate of iron affords a black dye.
The colour of the rind, yellowish, brown or purple, furnishes distinctions, as does the yellow or white colour of the flesh.
After the early rains the bush bursts into gorgeous purple and yellow blossoms and vivid greens, affording striking evidence of the fertility of the soil.
The introduction of many of the insignia both of war and of civil office is assigned to his reign, and he was the first to celebrate a Roman triumph, after the Etruscan fashion, in a robe of purple and gold, and borne on a chariot drawn by four horses.
Along the Colorado is the Painted Desert, remarkable for the bright colours - red, brown, blue, purple, yellow and white - of its sandstones, shales and clays.
W.) split by means of energy derived from the oxidation of nitrogen, but apart from the fact that none of these processes can proceed until the temperature rises to the minimum cardinal point, Engelmann's experiment shows that in the purple bacteria rays are used other than those employed by green plants, and especially ultra-red rays not seen in the spectrum, and we may probably conclude that " dark rays " - i.e.
The purple bacteria have thus two sources of energy, one by the oxidation of sulphur and another by the absorption of " dark rays."
Certain crystals from Cumberland are beautifully fluorescent, appearing purple with a bluish internal haziness by reflected light, and greenish by transmitted light.
The dark purple spar, called by the workmen "bull beef," may be changed, by heat, to a rich amethystine tint.
The inner face .of the arches, with the spandrils and the pilasters which support them, are covered with flowers and foliage of delicate design and dainty execution, crusted in green serpentine, blue lapis lazuli and red and purple porphyry.
Four varieties of poppy are distinguished - two with white flowers, large oval capsules without holes under their " combs " (stigmas) and bearing respectively yellow and white seed, and the other two having red or purple flowers and seeds of the same colour, one bearing small capsules, perforated at the top, and the other larger oval capsules not perforated.
The juice yields about one-fourth of its weight of opium, and the percentage of morphia varies according to the variety of poppy used, the purple one giving the best results.
The purple cloak which Picus wore fastened by a golden clasp is preserved in the plumage of the bird.
It was natural, therefore, that he should be regarded as a candidate for the purple.
ARACHNE, in Greek mythology, the daughter of Idmon of Colophon in Lydia, a dyer in purple.
Beyond, again, lies a broad furrow, or ` longitudinal fold,' as geologists call it, parallel to the ridges, and then rises the last elevation, a belt of low calcareous hills, on which, here and there among the waves of beech forest, purple or blue with distance, a white cliff retains its local colour and shines like a patch of fresh snow.
Her cult was first established in Cythera, probably in connexion with the purple trade, and at Athens it is associated with the legendary Porphyrion, the purple king.
On this narrow site Tyre was built; its 25,000 inhabitants were crowded into manystoreyed houses loftier than those of Rome; and yet place was found not only for the great temple of Melqarth with its courts, but for docks and warehouses, and for the purple factories, which in Roman times made the town an unpleasant place of residence (Strabo xvi.
Dancing and festivities are forbidden, fasting enjoined and purple vestments are worn in the church services.
The berries are red or purple in colour, varying in size from that of a pea to a nut.
The formation of murexide is used as a test for the presence of uric acid, which on evaporation with dilute nitric acid gives alloxantin, and by the addition of ammonia to the residue the purple red colour of murexide becomes apparent.
The insignia of office were the lituus, a staff free from knots and bent at the top, and the trabea, a kind of toga with bright scarlet stripes and a purple border.
The more characteristic and useful birds include many species of the sparrow, such as the song, swamp, Lincoln's chipping and field sparrow; the bank, barn, cliff, white-bellied and rough-winged swallow, as well as the purple martin and the chimney swift; ten or more species of fly-catchers, including the least, arcadian, phoebe, wood pewee, olive-sided and king bird; about ten species of woodpeckers, of which the more common are the downy, hairy, yellowbellied and golden-winged (flicker); about thirty species of warblers, including the parula, cerulean, Blackburnian, prothonotary, yellow Nashville, red-start, worm-eating and chestnut-sided; and four or five species of vireos.
Its colour varies with the hierarchical rank of the wearer: - red for cardinals, purple for bishops, &c. or, if the dignitary belong to a religious order, it follows the colour of the habit of the order.
Potassium ferric sulphide, K2Fe2S4, obtained by heating a mixture of iron filings, sulphur and potassium carbonate, forms purple glistening crystals, which burn when heated in air.
Ferrous salts also give a bluish white precipitate with ferrocyanide, which on exposure turns to a dark blue; ferric salts are characterized by the intense purple coloration with a thiocyanate.
The corollas are obliquely funnel-shaped, of a dirty yellow or buff, marked with a close reticulation of purple veins.
In size and plumage the two sexes offer a striking contrast, the male weighing about 4 lb, its plumage for the most part of a rich glossy black shot with blue and purple, the lateral tail feathers curved outwards so as to form, when raised, a fan-like crescent, and the eyebrows destitute of feathers and of a bright vermilion red.
According to that apocryphal document, the emperor after his baptism had ceded to the sovereign pontiff his imperial power and honors, the purple chlamys, the golden crown, the town of Rome, the districts and cities of Italy and of all the West.
The very various periods named make it probable that the periodical return of the phoenix belongs only to vulgar legend, materializing what the priests knew to be symbolic. Of the birds of the heron family the gorgeous colours and plumed head spoken of by Pliny and others would be least inappropriate to the purple heron (Ardea purpurea), with which, or with the allied Ardea cinerea, it has been identified by Lepsius and Peters (Alteste Texte des Todtenbuchs, 1867, p. 51).
But the golden and purple hues described by Herodotus may be the colours of sunrise rather than the actual hues of the purple heron.
Leovigild,, 567586 The first Visigoth king who as sumed the diadem and purple, struck coins in his own name, and enforced recognition of his supremacy in all parts of Spain, except the south coast.
At large few European birds possess greater beauty, the pure white of its scapulars and inner web of the flight-feathers contrasting vividly with the deep glossy black on the rest of its body and wings, while its long tail is lustrous with green, bronze, and purple reflections.
They are red in the peach, dark purple in the poppy and tulip, orange in Eschscholtzia, &c. The colour and appearance of the anthers often change after they have discharged their functions.
Its colour varies with the rank of the wearer, that of the pope being white, of the cardinals red, of bishops purple, and of the lower clergy black.
The three years of his reign, which were spent wholly in the camp, were marked by great cruelty and oppression; the widespread discontent thus produced culminated in a revolt in Africa and the assumption of the purple by Gordian.
Zeno also gave him the unique privileges of wearing and signing his name in the imperial purple, &c., which are still preserved.
"By divine code, you can't interfere," the man with the purple eyes said in a tone that made her shrink away.
Unlike the Watchers' tell-tale green eyes, the Others had unnatural purple eyes.
Toby's purple sweater, streaked with foul-smelling angel blood, was strung across a low branch.
The guardsman materialized out of the dark, moonlight glinting off the metallic purple symbol on his back.
Vamps poured out of the fortress into the snow, stopping to puzzle over the brilliant purple lights lancing across the treeline.
"We're debating an alleged act of misconduct by one of our Guardians," Damian explained then faced the small man with purple eyes.
The man with translucent skin and purple eyes â€“ the one Jonny hadn't exactly greeted with open arms â€“ stood a few feet away.
The beds contain pink pelargoniums, scarlet geraniums and purple cordylines with white alyssum around the edges.
They do include some beautiful purple amethysts and most of the glass beads are a single color, usually red, orange or blue.
This brown striated coal glows with fissures of opal, brilliant insights of purple amethyst.
anise hyssop Anise hyssop (Agastache foeniculum) Perennial North American native produces fantastic spikes of purple flowers, which are loved by bees.
This distinction was abandoned in May 1920 and thereafter all ball rounds had the purple annulus.
Flowers have white to greenish corollas and purple anthers and filaments.
aromatic foliage beneath a mist of pretty purple flowers.
April blazes with yellow: daffodils, the yellow tulips ' Berlioz ' lining the Rose walk, the walls hang with purple aubrieta.
He had a mysterious aura, dark purple in color.
For a vegetarian option, serve your favorite pasta with a tomato and garlic sauce and garnish with purple basil leaves.
The girls wear purple and white baubles or ribbons in their hair.
Also for the winter, and growing well, are purple sprouting broccoli and sea kale beet.
The woodland is of regional importance as it contains many important plants such as giant bellflower and early purple orchid.
Gitana isn't the screaming purple blob that he remembered her being.
The areas of the ocean shown dark blue / purple are areas where there is not much life.
To the crowd's disgust, it was actually Chuck Sherman who made his way down the aisle, complete with purple feather boa.
The western side is older with tiny streets, traditional architecture and simple balconies brimming with bright purple bougainvillea and sweet jasmine.
The first overall award presented was a beautifully polished walking stick for the oldest bowman which went to George Webb of Purple Haze.
The silver and gemstone chakra bracelet is approximately 18 cms long and comes in a exquisite shiny lilac satin pouch with a purple lining.
The royal family was dressed in rich brocades, fancy purple, red, green, glittery fabrics.
Purple sprouting broccoli is in season in March too.
There's just the very dark purple bruise on the inside of my left wrist of which the origin remains shrouded in drunken intrigue.
I first saw two of these on my dark purple buddleia mid-August.
bushy deciduous shrub with handsome dark purple foliage, green on the reverse, on purple stems.
Then come the early purple orchids and Goldilocks buttercups.
He wore, when he walked out, a purple silk hat and carried a gold-headed cane.
Pigment Power in carrot Color Have you ever seen a purple carrot?
It has a dark purple color, beautiful pure cassis and blackcurrant fruit, lovely moderate tannins and an elegant and long finish.
The choir, dressed in their rich purple cassocks, performed to a packed cathedral, lit entirely by candlelight.
Female plants have shorter catkins, which are followed by small dark purple berries.
First I sowed the purple cauliflower, yes purple.
centipede game are replaced by deadly purple rats which appear from nowhere.
characterized by the presence of cross-leaved heath and tussocks of purple moor grass.
Plants include mosses eg Sphagnum, cotton grass, purple moor grass, cranberry, marsh cinquefoil, marsh violet and round leaved sundew.
Wisteria: Popular twining climbers with long racemes of lilac to purple flowers.
And when they had mocked him, they stripped him of the purple cloak, and put his own clothes on him.
Purple, black, brown, cerulean, cobalt.
favorite color: Purple Favorite book: The Firm - like the film with Tom Cruise.
Girls purple bike, 24 " wheels, 18 gears, ex con, suit ages 8 - 12 years. £ 30.
Echinacea, the purple coneflower, is the best known and researched herb for stimulating the immune system.
The songs recorded: " The grand conjuration ", " When " and " Soldier of fortune " (Deep Purple cover ).
The area of the cortical contusion is outlined in purple.
There were also a myriad of soft corals of all colors from red to yellow to purple.
Look for signs of mycorrhizal infection - the root cortex will contain bright blue or purple staining hyphal threads.
Heart of gold, somewhere in there, along with the purple hair and the smoker's cough.
Geranium sylvaticum Our own wild cranesbill, comes in shades of white blue or purple flowers in late spring or early summer.
Further browsing can be done by clicking the relevant parts of the purple crayon at the bottom of each subsequent page.
The vines in the patch in front of the row were glowing crimson, purple and gold.
Finally for more all year color bulbs such as yellow and purple crocuses were added.
Several double flowered ornamental cultivars have been bred with flowers of white to purple.
Cold's great bear hug embraces all, forms a particular delectation for my purple nose and yellow fingers.
Colors range from white to purple, and the smell, which is released in the evening, is incredibly delicious.
Gray leaved plants like Santolina, lavender and Artemesia contrast beautifully with bright blue delphiniums and purple and white hardy geraniums.
dominance of grasses such as purple moor-grass and wavy hair-grass.
dominated by purple moor grass.
Below us, where the waves surge, Purple Sandpiper pick among the weed and colorful drake Harlequins cluster on the rocks.
Printing with colored ink at the Resource Center Our digital duplicators can print in black, red, green, purple or blue ink.
A fine variety for those who prefer a dependable, larger fruited, traditional purple eggplant.
Long Purple oriental eggplants are very sweet and delicious and are typically cooked without peeling.
elfin figure in black flared pants, a purple vest, and dangling cross earrings.
Their leather jackets all emblazoned with a purple celtic cross show them most likely to own the bikes upfront.
engorged purple veins.
Favorite color: Purple favorite color: Purple Favorite book: The Firm - like the film with Tom Cruise.
feathery leaves which turn almost purple in the autumn.
Did you see the guy in the purple fedora, that was my mate Rich.
feldspar crystals embedded in a compact dark red or purple ground mass.
festooned in purple soft coral.
He is also the owner of a Caterham Seven in a rather fetching color of purple!
spinning the wool, spinning the flax, making the scarlet, making the linen, making the purple garments.
fleur-de-lis4) says the Coronela of the Royal Spanish Guards of that time had a purple field with embroidered golden fleurs-de-lis.
spring flowers in shades of red, pink, purple blue or white.
flowered ornamental cultivars have been bred with flowers of white to purple.
purple minerals The most common purple minerals are amethyst, a variety of quartz, and purple fluorite.
Creeping, green or variegated foliage, purple or white flowers.
footmaner troop of 200, in velvet coats, attended by footmen in purple liveries.
very fragrant white flowers, tinged purple on the outside, emerge from reddish buds.
Ralph is defined by a blend of apple leaves, soft blue musk, purple freesia, pink magnolia and zesty orange mandarin.
Specific action has also been undertaken by English Nature to survey and promote the importance of purple ramping fumitory among arable farmers and landowners.
galley hill and a purple sandpiper was feeding with turnstones at Glyne gap.
One marsh produced our only white tailed plover of the trip along with purple gallinule, many ruff and black winged stilts.
gemstone chakra bracelet is approximately 18 cms long and comes in a exquisite shiny lilac satin pouch with a purple lining.
geranium sylvaticum Our own wild cranesbill, comes in shades of white blue or purple flowers in late spring or early summer.
geranium phaeum clump of leaves with flowers held tall above it in shades of deep blackish purple through pink to white.
geranium nodosum Shiny green leaves with sparse flowers in purple or lilac.
I am selling two ball gowns 1. A long purple, backless, strapless satin gown with diamante detail - has a short train.
Sections of lagg remain, typically dominated by purple moor grass.
Stir-fry green cabbage with celery, purple sprouting broccoli, onions, carrots, leeks and flat green beans for a tasty seasonal treat.
Rare species include purple gromwell Lithospermum purpureocaeruleum and butcher's-broom Ruscus aculeatus.
purple hairstreak was found on many more sites largely due to the efforts of Graham Foggitt.
Upland calcareous grassland occurs on landslip material below the chalk cliffs; species include harebell, thyme, purging flax and early purple orchid.
Where rabbits have nibbled the turf short there are mats of wild thyme and delicate purple harebell.
For now, on a moody, overcast day, the " purple haze " seems fitting.
Along the south wall, an oblong bed is planted with dark purple heartsease, and two more with yellow.
Later in the year purple heather stands out resplendent against the golden bracken.
For really bad calluses and cracked heels, try using the Purple Nail Shaping Pad to further buff away rough patches.
Dark purple heliotrope are flowering in pots, and I've also bought purple petunias as bedding plants this year.
John is the one with the shiny purple helmet.
The bog area has wetland plants including hemp agrimony, purple loosestrife, bullrush and yellow flag.
The only similar species is the purple heron, which is much smaller.
horizontal stripes, but changed in 1919 to the current white with purple broad diagonal stripes.
Look on his wounds, look on his purple hue: Do we not find you where the deed was done?
I looked down to see an arrangement of purple and pink hyacinths.
ilex aquifolium ' Handsworth New Silver ' also has purple stems but is female and so has the bonus of masses of berries.
Plants can grow quite large and produce dozens of large purple inflorescences on stalks about 1 m tall.
iridescent purple beetle upon it to be captured.
My purple irises are up and I'm most delighted with my lavender mountain lilies!
The Little Purple bead Company LLC - Unique one of a kind handcrafted beaded jewelry!
These were joined by dwarf green kale, purple kale, Swiss chard 'bright lights ', Verbena, Achillea and so on.
lacy foliage of the deepest purple.
About the Stones Amethyst: The birth stone for February, amethyst is a translucent stone varying from pale lavender to purple in color.
In summer months it turns purple with prairie fields of sea lavender.
purple laver was used to make laver bread and is still eaten in parts of Wales.
leathery texture and often have a purple tinge to the veins on their underside.
There are masses of purple loosestrife in the marshy area.
Musk mallow is a more delicate and pale pink relation of the robust and purple common mallow.
Both are also metallic purple, green and blue, with white markings.
East and south Ben Vrackie has many plants concentrated round one fairly small crag - purple oxytropis, Alpine milk vetch and scottish asphodel.
montane flora here looks spectacular with their crowns appearing vividly in red, orange and purple colors.
Still the huge Dragon walked on, through halls that glistened with blue Sapphire and red Ruby, Purple Amethyst white moonstones.
mottled clays of green and purple.
mushed together to make a horrid pale purple paste?
Theres a purple neon in there, but without the flash you couldn't see a thing.
purple ohms, the new magic mushroom alternative product now in stock.
Saw seven rabbits and lots of purple orchids along the towpath of the Leigh Branch and the main line.
An adult Purple Heron dropping in to the reeds and a female Marsh Harrier causing Pandemonium among the duck and waders added further excitement.
passion flower motif on the purple stole.
We started through sunny green pastureland with scattered patches of woodland all swathed in the purple of Patterson's Curse.
May and June, I mean: the cream of the season, the golden days, the purple patch.
Two strings of purple beads dangle down from the base of the brace to form a tail, ending in small peacocks ' feathers.
perennial with attractive purple flowers.
They carry generous clusters of gleaming flowers, with sleek scarlet sepals flaring to reveal a slim skirt of purple petals surrounding coral stamens.
phlox paniculata Many cultivars in shades of pink, white and purple, two to three feet high.
I'll look out for that fluffy purple poncho!
potter's clay will not rise to the ranks of those whom the gods begat in beds of purple.
The purple color of the potassium manganate(VII) is eventually replaced by a dark brown precipitate of manganese(IV) oxide.
Pre-Raphaelite painting, all swollen purple flesh tones and black, black shadows.
Lily Allen, Alright, Still Britain's new pop darling justifies all the purple prose.
The lines had immediatly turned a dark purple on her leg.
purple moor-grass stems.
Purple loosestrife, which bears purple loosestrife, which bears purple flower spikes between June and August.
purple robe.
purple heather.
purple hues at the rim.
purple prose.
The flower color varies from white through to very deep purple.
Three very pretty purple shells with persistent comet trails exploded overhead (video clip 1 below ).
I noticed that the leaves have developed a dark almost purple stain, like rust over them.
First blue, then pink, then purple and gold mixed together.
Neat rosettes of rounded fleshy leaves are produced, sometimes green, blue-green or even purple.
Answer " Love life " and her love meter will turn purple.
It would be like insisting all houses should be painted purple.
What looks gray on your PC might look purple on your neighbor's.
Other identities appearing inside MEP include purple (13 ), with small clusters in the southwest and southeast.
Andy says: This donut has purple in the middle.
Please be warned that the Gibson site shows the guitar to appear purple!
purple in color, looking somewhat like a bruise.
purple with brown spots, 5 cm across, and appear in clusters of 10-15 in May.
Once you make it one fourth of the way, you will get a purple to yellow question mark.
Hint: flashing question mark: You may see a small purple flashing question mark in the lower right corner of the screen.
Elegant dark purple flowers, male and female produced in a drooping raceme in April.
Waiters are clad in purple raiment, likewise tables in red cloths.
The purple bacteria evolved oxygen respiration by reversing the flow of molecules through their carbon fixing pathways and modifying their electron transport chains.
Use a green or purple ribbon and tie it in a bow.
Herbaceous plant with perennial thick, white, fleshy root and purple colored stem.
Also known as African rosewood, Bubinga is medium red-brown with purple veining, native to the African continent.
His usually pale face was purple with rage, and his bushy eyebrows knotted over his slightly rubbery nose.
Wet slopes have purple moor grass and the wettest areas support heath rush.
At Glyne gap beach a there was a purple sandpiper.
If leaves contain acidic sap, the anthocyanins will appear red and if the sap is less acidic, they will go purple.
sapling trees, often have a dark purple tint.
It may simply be a glimpse of raven or peregrine, feral goat or a glowing mass of purple saxifrage.
scarlet Pimpernel, beautiful colored scarlet with a purple eye in pairs that close in the afternoon.
seascape painting in purple tones of acrylic on box canvas.
On Pen-y-ghent either mat-grass or purple moor-grass dominate the grassland and higher up this contains stiff sedge Carex bigelowii.
notice the sepals (modified flower leaves) which curve up around the purple unopened buds.
Heuchera sanguinea Evergreen clumps of leaves with various silver veinings, purple shadings or gray to pewter bloomed surface.
They will be wearing purple tee shirts with the Lowry logo.
In answer to your inquiry, I have pleasure in sending you a large purple crystal of carbon silicide.