Not a worry in the world but a little white ball.
His face is white, and he seems very weak.
She helped Destiny into a frilly white dress with yellow trim and they both finished up with white sandals.
Alex pointed at a white horse prancing along the fence.
You will notice my braids are tied with yellow, pink, brown, red, green, white and black; but I have no blue ribbons.
At last I fell asleep with a new doll and a white bear in my arms.
Destiny wanted to wear some jewelry too, so she let her wear the white pearl choker necklace that her mother had given her.
Or I could refer you to Ireland, which is marked as one of the white or enlightened spots on the map.
Put on your white dress.
The other was white, with long golden curls.
They belong to the rich man who lives in the big white house there among the trees.
The white sand blowing around looked like a Texas blizzard.
She will be quite ill now, said Prince Andrew, as he entered the study, rubbing his small white hands.
He stomped his boots and shook white flakes from his hat and coat before entering the house Cynthia poured them both a cup of coffee as he washed at the sink.
The white sand reflected the hot sun back at them until they were dripping with perspiration.
His knuckles were white as he clenched the steering wheel, and his tall form hunched forward.
Len's face was pasty white and for a moment she thought he was going to throw up.
She was anxiously administered to by several white coated escorts.
She woke several times briefly; once to see Len and an older officer with white hair talking in the hallway outside her cubicle in the emergency room.
Your face is as white as a sheet.
Please go to my boudoir, Jellia, and get the white piglet I left on the dressing-table.
The landscape around them was bleak, almost as devoid of plant life as the white sands had been.
She bent over and picked it up, discovering that it had a little white powder in the bottom.
Never in my twenty-nine years of white bread life had I encountered anything remotely similar to the fear I felt as that knife pressed in me.
She was floating on a cloud, gazing languidly down at mounds and valleys of white sand.
They wore white uniforms with real diamond buttons and played "What is Oz without Ozma" very sweetly.
The white sand was almost as blinding as snow.
The first thing the little humbug did was to produce a tiny white piglet from underneath his hat and pretend to pull it apart, making two.
He squinted at the sparkling white dunes.
He was a very old man, bent nearly double; but the queerest thing about him was his white hair and beard.
His face was white, but very homely.
He had white hair.
From his square-toed boots to the white shirt tucked into indigo jeans, his lean frame was something to admire.
Beginning at his dusty oxfords and indigo blue jeans, her scrutiny continued up to a neatly tucked in worn white cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up to mid arm.
Bianca's new world was tiny and white, the porcelain toilet the only chair and the tub the only place long enough for her to lie down.
In 1961 in Perthshire, Scotland, a white barn cat named Susie was found at a farm.
Mrs. Marsh's face was white, and her eyes red and swollen, with dark circles under them.
It was slightly after two o'clock when Dean saw Fitzgerald emerge from The Timberline Deli and stroll to his white Blazer parked on the street.
The side zipper of her shorts was split open, revealing the white of her thigh.
The Dogwood trees were in full bloom, their aromatic blossoms creating white blotches on the hills.
She went to the bedroom and pulled a white sundress from the closet.
The off-the-shoulder style with its white lace made the most of her newly acquired tan, and the shiny black belt and full skirt made her waist look small.
She was so pretty in her white dress.
He was turning white.
Half her face was knotted with horrible scars, the other half displaying skin close to the same shade as the white pillowcase beneath her.
The central and largest one was white, and reminded her of the sun.
He even thought something moved on that white spot.
Her little feet in their white satin dancing shoes did their work swiftly, lightly, and independently of herself, while her face beamed with ecstatic happiness.
Having received all his orders Alpatych, wearing a white beaver hat--a present from the prince--and carrying a stick as the prince did, went out accompanied by his family.
All this naked white human flesh, laughing and shrieking, floundered about in that dirty pool like carp stuffed into a watering can, and the suggestion of merriment in that floundering mass rendered it specially pathetic.
Everywhere on the bank, on the dam, and in the pond, there was healthy, white, muscular flesh.
A little further ahead, they glimpsed a white flash of tail as a deer bounded crossed the trail no more than fifty feet ahead of them.
What she expected to see when she turned was Sarah's white Plymouth, but the car that stopped before the house was Allen's red Eagle Talon.
The sand lay white around them like a blanket of snow.
My later proved to be several hours when I opened eyes to a crying wife, white covers, bright lights, stuff attached to me and lots of pain.
"Take it easy," a lady in white said as she turned on something that elevated my bed.
White hair, really big like Talon, these eyes that were darker than night, and when he talked, you could tell he didn't have a soul.
"That was an awful big quake," replied Zeb, with a white face.
What's more, the Internet can be a fact checker, post office, Rolodex, Yellow Pages, White Pages, game board, garage sale, university, movie theater, jukebox, matchmaking service, travel agent, photo album, bank, support group ...
Like the water, the Walden ice, seen near at hand, has a green tint, but at a distance is beautifully blue, and you can easily tell it from the white ice of the river, or the merely greenish ice of some ponds, a quarter of a mile off.
With a long overcoat on his exceedingly stout, round-shouldered body, with uncovered white head and puffy face showing the white ball of the eye he had lost, Kutuzov walked with plunging, swaying gait into the crowd and stopped behind the priest.
After they retrieved their luggage, Señor Medena instructed a man to carry it to a white limousine.
The great white hunter was on the prowl.
Eureka was a dark Appaloosa with dark spots on white loins, quarters and croup.
In the background were the beautiful layered mountains of the White Rock Wildlife Management.
As she watched, the horses plunged down a dune, sending a spray of white sand into the dry air.
"You're not ready yet," she said around a mouth full of white foam.
White high-heeled sandals clicked smartly as she walked across the porch behind Alex.
The other day, when you had that white sundress on, you looked so irresistible.
The leaves of the big oak tree were like silver filigree and the white cross beneath it looked iridescent.
"Great white hunter," she said as she headed for the house.
The eyes that once turned from black to white to every color in between were now blue-green in color, and her face held a human flush enhanced by his lovemaking.
They emerged through a back door into a massive foyer made of white marble and limestone with ancient carvings on the walls and statues positioned throughout.
Gabe's step slowed as he neared the man dressed in a white shirt held closed by two buttons and cream linen pants rolled to his knees, as if he'd been walking in the ocean.
He was unconscious – or dead? – while she stood on a beach near blue-green depths so clear, she could see the white sand at the bottom of the water.
A stunning man with a large smile dressed in white stood a few feet away, his brown hair ruffled by the sea breeze.
Pain, white light, peace.
The only difference was her hair and the eyes that turned from white to black to every color in between.
She was beautiful, a woman of sunshine, smiles, and eyes that changed from white to black and every color in between.
The man in the white lab coat, Ully, jerked from his hunched position over a keyboard, and fear flashed in his eyes.
He squatted beside her, wrapping her arm in a clean white towel before he rose and strode to the desk along the far wall.
Andre snorted and motioned to the pristine white sofa.
She saw the white of his knuckles as he gripped her shoe hard and sensed she was pushing a wild animal.
She forced herself to continue to the apartment's entrance and flung open the door, revealing a hall with auxiliary lighting reflecting off a white marble floor.
He smiled, revealing fangs among the neat row of white teeth.
There were small white houses here, one with a dog that barked as she passed.
Kris's white hair, fair complexion, and amber eyes were at odds with Rhyn's darkness and glowing pewter gaze.
The room smelled of vanilla mixed with some other exotic scent, the beds covered in soft white duvets with pumpkin- colored pillows.
Her white hair and snowy skin glowed in the dim chamber.
She turned and raised an eyebrow at him, her rainbow eyes flashing with every color between white and black.
The lush Scottish Highlands around him were covered in a blanket of snow that stretched for miles, the white world interrupted only by a few narrow roads snaking in different directions.
It was not all black but had a white patch around one eye.
Toby laughed and tossed Rhyn another pillow, delighted when he snatched it from midair and shredded it in an explosion of white feathers.
The room consisted of a massive bed with black bedding and white pillows, a wardrobe and trunks, and yawning windows to the sky that light never touched.
He didn.t have to ask what Sasha did to her when her pretty blue eyes flared with white rage and then filled with tears.
Her nightmares that night involved her sister, Hannah, being eaten by the jaguar with the white patch over his eye.
The stark red of blood against white snow caught his attention, and he circled the park behind the castle.
The white Hummer limo made it up the snowy slope and slowed as it crossed the cleared cobblestone drive in front of the castle.
She was dressed in a long, white fur coat that Katie had no doubt cost more than a small house.
The hidden sun was setting, and the white snow clouds glowed eerily, lit by the last rays of light.
His white hair was streaked red with blood, his roving gaze tired.
She.d never understand a man like Kris, who saw the world only in black and white!
His face was white with pain, and Rhyn looked over his brother.
A'Ran waited, observing the tiny man with white eyes.
They were a handsome couple, the elegant woman's hair so fine and blonde it resembled white silk.
Kiera followed as Evelyn turned toward the main house, a sprawling, single-story compound made of brilliant white stone and dotted with hundreds of glass-less windows.
The house was as brilliant white on the inside as it was outside.
Kiera lay on the bed an hour after Evelyn left, staring at the white ceiling with its brightly corded edges.
A'Ran, assuming his sisters could handle the newest member of their family, turned and started toward the white dwelling before him.
They walked a short distance to an open atrium in the center of the house, complete with a small oasis rising up from white stone and curved benches.
Unlike the cheerful white walls of the house, the tall wall was the unwelcome shade of dark grey that she'd begun to despise after days in the spaceships surrounded by it.
There were rows of grey chairs and several white benches in the rear, a handful of tables next to yawning windows, and a wall of what looked like constellation maps.
A'Ran said nothing, though he clenched the arms of his chair hard enough for his knuckles to turn white.
Another was hunch-backed and dressed in heavy robes despite the heat of the day, and a third man barely taller than her had white irises and silvering hair.
The small man with white irises drew near her, his eerie, unblinking gaze making her uncomfortable.
They nearly reached the women's wing when the strange little Council member with white eyes called out to her.
Her eyes welled with tears, and she ducked her head, turning white, then red.
Kiera looked around, speechless at the soaring ceilings, the atrium with a waterfall in the foyer, and pristine white walls covered with the multi-colored roping.
She had changed to the white dress, the one she'd worn to dinner that night and the hem touched the tops of her bare feet, which pointed downward.
The silk cord was fastened to the brass gas lamp that centered the ceiling of the room, the other end tightly knotted about her soft white neck.
I think the gal in my dream was wearing the same white dress he sold you.
She wore white slacks, an emerald-green silk blouse and high-heeled shoes.
Cynthia cooked something quick and Italian for dinner, small white things that looked as they would suddenly explode into butterflies, given sufficient time.
The white dress scarcely touched the tops of her bare feet and fitted her perfectly.
Edith looked up, rubbed a sleeve across her eyes to dry them, then brushed her hands down the white dress, smoothing the fabric against her legs.
Looks like Annie had a few good meals since she fit into that white dress, wouldn't you say?
Once more, she wore Annie Quincy's white dress.
She stopped and smiled, holding out the edges of her white dress as if to show it off.
When Dean answered it, Edith Shipton stood there, still clad in the white dress, that she now owned.
But it was August and that river isn't exactly world-class white water.
Fred held a large white handkerchief to his face.
Are you blowing your nose or waving a white flag?
Edith passed by, dressed in civies, her beloved white dress temporarily put aside.
She was dressed in white....
It probably was Edith Shipton in her white dress.
Dean brushed off a white cloud of flour and greeted a well-dressed, good-looking man in his late forties standing in the hall.
Edith Shipton's jaw dropped and a panicked look spread across her white face.
Dean dreamed of white-dressed hookers smiling and calling to a line of seven little miners who looked suspiciously like Snow White's benefactors.
At least she wasn't wearing the Annie Quincy white dress.
"The white dress, blonde hair and her trying to emulate Annie Quincy...it frightens me," Cynthia said with a shudder.
Take off the rose colored glasses—'my sins will continue'—or better yet, wait until you decipher a few more pages and she gives it to you in black and white, chapter and verse and supplies the sinful details.
As Dean watched, scarcely breathing, she lifted the ancient white dress above her head in one motion and dropped it to the floor.
She was as white as the garment she now casually pushed with one foot behind a hall table.
The tall trees were draped in a white robe that had drifted to the earth, not snarled their way downward like the wind driven Eastern storms where snow was a dirty word, not the magical hush that mother nature bestowed on the mountains of the west.
Miss Annie's pretty much spelled it out in black and white in this here journal, even if it was in code.
As it tolled its final gong, Edith Shipton appeared, in her late night attire— the Annie Quincy white dress—her hair loosened about her shoulders.
Once beyond access to the river below, the seldom-used path presented an unbroken cover of fresh white, now blanketed in more than a foot of fresh powder, as it followed the large pipe toward the reservoir.
Perhaps I too will join her, before the lilacs and forsythia give color to this white and lonely landscape.
He informed Dean the climbers, who were due to check out later, had left for the ice park, grumbling at the heavy accumulation of snow which was abating to a last-ditch flurry after depositing thirty inches of fluffy white.
Dean returned to the job of moving the mounds of white.
Crumpled in the waste paper basket was a small piece of white paper with a telephone number.
He pulled out a fingernail clipper and began clipping his nails, sending little white crescents flying about the room.
Weller had tromped through several feet of snow and was white to his thighs.
It was a signature day in Ouray, better than the best of the area's finest painted or photographed images with the sky so blue, the pines so green and the snow so white, you couldn't paint truer colors with an art store's inventory.
Thursday's storm had roared into town with uncommon severity, bringing with it not only more than two feet of fresh snow, but a wind that set the white stuff a-dancing and swirling about the town, like a wild rhumba or some native fertility rite.
She's just sitting in the room, in her white dress.
The headlights of a slow moving car washed her white body, shadowing the curve of her buttocks, the roundness of her shoulder, painting her golden hair in its light.
Dean made a move toward her, but she scurried out the door with a loud laugh, still naked, dragging her white dress behind her.
She had tied the silk cord to the brass gas lamp at the ceiling in the center of the room, before knotting the other end about her soft white neck.
It was on plain white notepaper, lined and firmly creased, written somewhat shakily with an ink pen, in the dainty script of a woman.
Mrs. Shipton was packaged a little loosely to start with, so the white dress and her being pregnant and all just pushed her all the further.
She mimicked Annie from the beginning—wearing the white dress—dying her hair—candles in the room.
Then she added, "Did Edith wear her white dress when she came to...your bed?"
"She had the white dress with her," he answered, embarrassed.
That's more of a stretch than trying to fit Gladys Turnbull in Annie's white dress.
Between bites he added, I even brought the white dress.
One of them bundles says it's Mrs. Shipton's stuff but all it has in it is the white dress.
You thought it went to the hospital, in a pocket of the white dress.
"Why would Edith put the white dress back on but no underwear?" he asked.
"She put the white dress on because she was Annie Quincy when she died," Cynthia said.
Edith didn't have anything on but the white dress.
He must have put Annie Quincy's white dress on her.
Annie's white dress would easily slip over her head.
"I'll leave Donnie's problems for the guys in white coats to sort it out," Dean answered.
He turned, looking over the back of the sofa and there she stood in a plush white robe with a towel on her head and yes, she definitely had a waddle to her walk.
It was pink with white tips, in an antique brass planter.
It was white, the least showy.
Connor asked, "White or black?"
It was only a white lie since a jeweler there had set the stone.
A red McLaren Spyder with a huge white bow on top sat in front of the house.
His face went white.
The sun wouldn't be up for another hour, but the block walls of the dairy loomed clearly in the white landscape.
The brown one with the white stripes on its face and white belly.
That's why the kid is all white.
The huge white dog lowered his head and bared his teeth at the stranger.
He cowered in the corner, clutching a white hen in his mouth.
The sky hung like a gray sheet over the white landscape and huge flakes continued to fall.
With deadly accuracy, she threw the ball at him, laughing when it bounced off his leather coat and sprayed a mist of white crystals in his face.
A huge white sycamore skeleton sprawled on the gravel beach, its bark long gone.
This time the car he rented was a little white 4-door car.
Late Friday evening she was returning from the barn when he drove into the yard in a white Dodge Ram Pick up.
Snowflake must be the little white doe you decided to keep.
His hands balled into fists and the knuckles turned as white as the line around his lips.
She was mostly white with freckles across her haunches and a few spots on her neck and chest.
Brown eyes with long white lashes stared at Carmen with obvious curiosity.
Roving searchlights splashed the Undersecretary with brilliant white light.
The muscular woman, with short blond hair and clad in black tactical gear, stood in a stark white hallway.
The biohazard elimination field was marked by pristine white fencing.
The cameras in the mountain showed a white haze hugging the ceilings and the unmoving bodies of the men and women in the mountain.
"I didn't know exactly … I didn't know when or what or …" She stopped, knuckles white as she gripped the edge of her T-shirt.
Gabriel cursed under his breath.  He had no way of knowing what kind of test a deity like Death could create, but it wasn't likely to be good.  While he had full faith in Rhyn, he also knew better than to trust the petite woman in white standing in his dream.
"I welcome it," Rhyn replied, facing the small woman with flowing white hair and gown.
She wore white and smiled, more like a nursemaid than the woman whose job was to collect souls.
"You're so white," Ivy said, scaring me from the doorway.
Yeah, but you're really white.
I shrugged and said, "I burn easily…because I'm so white."
He had awakened a few moments before the usual time, ordinarily a good sign, but after rubbing open his eyes, he discovered it was a white day, hazy and sultry, without a speck of blue in the sky.
White days weren't supposed to show up until at least July, certainly not in early May.
White days were always like that.
He has a black and white sense of right and wrong.
The late spring sun had finally fought its way out of the white haze and was slipping down in the west, painting the countryside in yellow brush strokes.
White days and Philadelphia had that effect.
Small talk progressed to let's-go-someplace-else and before Dean knew it, he was between Ethel Rosewater's white silk sheets.
There was also a small sheet of white paper listing 11.2 gallons of gas purchased in Aberdeen, Maryland, a mileage figure and the amount of the purchase.
I'd have my white hat on but it was still dark when I dressed.
She took a plain sheet of white paper from her desk and proceeded with flying fingers to type the 14 names and addresses using an old manual typewriter.
The trail dead-ended at a faded white house at the edge of a clearing that commanded a view of the val­ley below.
The little girl was a beauty: her blond curls were pinned with a bright red ribbon and her white dress had a red sash about the waist.
The attendant ushered them into a sterile room of white tile and stainless steel.
The corpse was covered with a white sheet, but before pulling the cloth back, the attendant again looked at Cynthia, who nodded.
The body looked like a flipped fish—a huge white under belly.
He maneuvered her arms out of her jacket and white frilly blouse.
He then draped a second towel across the lower part of her body and removed her panties, no "Thursday" cotton things, but small and white.
What was supposed to be sunshine, mild temperature and puffy white clouds turned out to be intermittent showers and a sky as gray as Dean's sweat socks.
Dean asked her about the motor home but she could give lit­tle information except to say it was boxy looking and blue...or white...or light colored.
His expression went white.
She opened her pocketbook and pulled out a white envelope and thrust it at Dean.
A short stocky man in a white T-shirt and matching sneakers jabbed a hand at Alex.
The filly was mostly white with a few brown spots – almost the opposite of her mother.
Both Ed and Princess were a red-brown color with white speckles on their haunches – typical Appaloosas.
She showered and put on a white sundress with a full skirt and spaghetti straps.
Alex drove his white Dodge truck home and she followed him in her new white Buick Le Sabre feeling equal amounts of joy and guilt.
A white truck pulled into the yard but Josh didn't look that way.
That evening she prepared a special supper for Alex and dressed in the white sundress he liked so well.
The sight of the white dodge ram truck threw her pulse into high gear.
The white sandal heels gave the ensemble a dressy look.
The box contained a pair of earrings - delicate filigree in white gold with sparkling diamonds.
The earrings would go well with her white lace and satin wedding dress – and her wedding ring, of course.
The wedding ring was white gold filigree with tiny diamonds.
Through the living room window Carmen saw a white truck slow down to pull in the drive.
Tables were covered with white linen table cloths and adorned with violet colored napkins inside light gray napkin holders.
It's basically carbonated white grape juice.
So when did you become the great white hunter?
At first she didn't see the white form in the hay.
That evening she was fixing supper when she glanced out the window in time to see a white truck pull up at her house.
His teeth were white in the reflection of the flashlight.
Like pieces of white glitter, frost winked back at the sun from the grass and the top of the old farmhouse.
The white block walls of the dairy remained solid, but the windows were dark.
A white wisp of fog was the only clue that it was actually warmer than the crisp March morning.
The white Appaloosa would be three years old in July.
It took her the better part of an hour to locate the cow, and if it hadn't been for the white form that raced out to meet them, she might have missed the cow in the hollow with her two calves.
White tailed deer, as well as an abundance of smaller wildlife already frequented the ranch, so his North American Safari had its foundation.
The rabbit leaped into the air, and bolted across the field, his white tail visible above the tall grass with each bound.
A thin white line formed around his lips.
His hands were balled into fists at his sides and the knuckles were white.
Something white glistened in the flowers.
As she walked out with the full cup, she noticed Alex talking to a man in a white smock.
The White God, Darian, strode through his marble halls, the soft footfalls of his leather boots the only sound in the imperial corridor.
The eldest of any of the White Gods to mate, he'd been lauded with celebrations for days upon the announcement that he'd chosen a bride.
The White God heard the note of sadness.
Their betrothal was short by White God standards, a matter of six days.
She's not of much use to the White God.
He had a streak of honor that marked him the son of a White God as much as his golden eyes.
They passed the obelisk marked with the White God's lineage.
I'm the White God.
I trust you more than anyone, Jule, but these rumors of wars between immortals have been around for three generations of White Gods.
No White God has fallen in the history of our worlds.
No one would stand in the way of a White God, even an abusive, power-hungry father.
The White God fell into a heap.
Only a member of the White God's family can kill him.
Slay the White God, slay the balance.
He walked like he was the White God, with confidence and command.
She recognized the necklace that marked Darian as the White God.
He leaned over to her and yanked off the necklace marking her as the mate of the White God.
She walked through the gateway and imagined herself as important as the White God walking into his palace.
"They heard how the White God's mate slept her way to the top then landed a god," another snickered.
Only the sons of a White God had eyes the color of amber!
The only Guardians in existence are now in the mortal realm, and you are now the White God.
The people around her—the White God she was sworn to serve as a Guardian—needed her.
She felt the sudden urge to run again, as far as she could from her past, Talia's death, the bleak future of the White God and his Guardians.
"Your fate is with the White God, Jenn," the Watcher said.
Your fate is with the White God, Jenn.
If she didn't make it out of here, she'd at least go down serving the Guardians and the White God.
Darian walked down the hall and stairwell to the study where his brother, the White God Damian, was probably plotting how to outsmart the pesky little immortals who'd declared war on them.
Darian watched his little brother, at once proud of the White God that Damian had grown into and crushed by the sense of his own failure.
He'd begun to remember his life as the White God, memories that had been trapped in darkness for so long.
How does the White God get put on babysitting duty?
He'd expected the Grey God's powers to be like the White God's, yet they weren't.
Although he couldn't do everything he'd been able to do as a White God, he'd gained other abilities.
More importantly, she had to find out what Jonny's next step was, once the month-long truce between White and Black Gods was up.
The White Gods had a long tradition of finding and mating with Oracles.
"He's better suited to be the White God than I ever was," Darian said.
I believe Damian has a Hunter among his men, but the White God refuses to speak to me anymore.
Tucson, Arizona Near the White God's former headquarters
He approached what had been one of many former safe houses belonging to the White God near the base of the Tucson Mountains.
"Bianca!" the White God bellowed into the hallway.
While she'd been one of the original Guardians to escape the immortal world with Damian, she'd also been at the bottom of the totem pole, once the Guardians in the mortal world rallied around their White God.
Jenn stepped away but felt the White God watching her.
Jenn waited until he disappeared as he Traveled to the White God's headquarters.
But he seemed calmer than the White God, more driven.
Her mate, the White God Damian, sat with his adopted brothers, the assassin Dusty and the Original Immortal Jule.
"Nope," the White God replied.
The White God hadn't said a word, until requesting a hostage of his own in exchange for sending his brother to live with the Black God.
If all was as it used to be, at one end of the orchard was the White God's palace, a place a woman raised as a peasant had never seen.
One eye still glowed gold, the telltale sign of those born into the White God's family.
Her gaze flickered towards the other end of the orchard, where the White God's palace had been.
That was probably the worst lesson for someone who was a White God.
No one was in the White God's study.
As the White and Black Gods of this earth, you are bound by the requirement to turn the violator over to us.
"Damian," Jonny said, turning to the White God, "I will not object if you wish to turn her over to them."
The White God winked at him, and Darian resisted the urge to snort.
Darian asked, stepping into the center of the room beside the White and Black Gods.
Darian smiled, doubting the White God would remotely agree with the two women before him but proud of them nonetheless.
She'd killed one White God and been killed by another.
It was pristine and white, rising out of the ground like a natural formation.
In his time as White God, the obelisk had been the source and seat of power for the White Gods in the immortal world.
Damian's son would be the first White God born outside of the immortal world, and not even Jule dared to guess what that would mean for the White God's power.
It was so before the Schism, when the White God took an Oracle as his bride and was himself betrayed.
As the White God, he was sworn to protect humanity.
I'm here because it's the will of the White God.
She wore the mark of Darian, the firstborn of the White God.
Sofi wore the White God's pendant, Bianca wore Dusty's mark, and Yully wore Jule's.
You're not a White God.
Unlike you, a White God had some choice in who he took as a mate.
She was proud of what she'd done, how she'd beaten the White God.
The lives of the White God's mate, and her best friend's mate, were in her hands.
She didn't expect her life to change quite so fast or to be accepted into the White God's family with such ease.
Even carrying a White God, Jenn couldn't explain Sofi's pregnancy accelerating so fast, unless …"Wait, exactly how long have you been here?"
She's no longer your sister, not when she serves the White God.
Memories of a time when he'd been happy as the White God with his Oracle at his side.
It radiated power, the seat of the White God's magic.
She touched her name, leaving bloodied streaks on the white marble.
White lightning snaked through the air.
Magic shot off him in bursts of black and white lightning.
They burst into white flames.
White fire spewed from the ground upward, towards the sky.
Damian studied him, the White God's power swirling in the space between them.
Taran stepped into a cavernous bedchamber lit by low burning hearths and scented by the white flowers sitting in each window.
Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of white tents were neatly aligned outside the wall.
White and black feathered arrows suddenly poured from the surrounding forest.
He watched the massive white cliffs grow closer, awed by their size.
The ship sloshed through dark teal waters toward a crescent-shaped bay with white sands that glistened in the midday light.
Her beloved walls stood strong and beautiful, the white stone streaked with peach.
Carmen was dressed in a short pink dress and white tights.
At first I thought you had a white buffalo out there and then I realized it was a dog.
Gerald chuckled as he reached for the white Appaloosa mare.
Skunks are black and white, aren't they?
Lightning flashed and Ed's head came up, his eyes showing white.
She was dressed in indigo jeans and a white cotton shirt with turquoise piping.
Rob was silent, a large white patch across his nose.
Bronzed skin contrasted in an attractive way with the white muscle shirt.
As she suspected he would, Alex presented her with a fluffy white kitten with bright green eyes less than two weeks after Sam gave her the puppy.
This one wore a short sleeved shirt, jeans and white sneakers.
The deer paused only a second when it saw her, and then bounded across the clearing, its white tail held erect.
It was black with white speckles all over its back.
He was dressed in a spotless white pocket T-shirt and white sneakers - hardly clothes for a farm hand.
The fluffy white tail of a rabbit bobbed through the brush as the terrified animal bounded away.
She lifted her face from his chest long enough to glance through the kitchen window and saw the huge white chunks of ice plunging to the ground.
Indigo jeans clung to his lean hips, but he still wore the white sneakers.
He reached out and claimed her hand, running a finger around the white band where her engagement ring had been.
She slipped into a pair of white sandals and grabbed her purse, giving her long curls a toss to send them cascading down her back instead of tickling her shoulders.
Clarissa sat her chair like a queen on a throne, the toe of a red pump and a white plaster clad foot peeping out from under her long gown.
Xander pushed himself up, eyes on her blue lips and white skin.
From this point, Xander was able to see most of the city, including the white dome of the palace at its center that marked the home of one of the three Gods that ruled the immortal realm.
The Black God and White God are becoming allies.
I can take the Black God next and the White God.
Of all the White God's brothers, Dusty was the one most likely to understand Xander's position.
In the middle of the white bed, she looked small.
Jessi crossed to the wardrobe the same color white as the walls and opened it.
Stronger than his curiosity was the knowledge that he wanted nothing to do with whatever Jonny was planning, no doubt against the White God, his sworn enemy.
The most patient of the White God's brothers, Jule had a calming influence on those around him, including Xander, who felt his ever-present restlessness retreat some.
Damian, the White God, had tried to task him twice in the past few months.
Sofi, the wife of the White God, Damian, was the most powerful Oracle Xander had ever met in his long history.
He knew Jule was able to balance his alliance with the White God and his alliance with Xander.
His agenda was one born of experience: if the scales between the White and Black Gods tipped too far one way, life was bad.
Wiry and lean, Darian's golden gaze was identical to that of his brother, the White God.
She raised the flashlight, her attention caught by the dark stain on his white shirt.
A decal with the symbol of the White God – a sun and moon with an arrow through it – was in the corner of one window.
They were the same shade of white as the rest of his teeth and seemed a natural extension from his gums.
He appeared in the middle of the White God's compound and began walking.
Xander had no pity for the woman who betrayed the Grey God, Darian, and his brother, the White God.
Jonny, the Black God and polar opposite of my brother, Damian, the White God.
This is the compound of Damian, the White God.
Jessi, this is Damian, the White God and head of the Guardians.
Jonny was a good kid who had to go bad in order to control the vamps at his disposal and counter the White God's influence.
If Xander knew and Jule knew, so did Damian, the White God.
The White God, Damian, was cool and wary, his white-blonde hair, golden eyes and subtle white glow the opposite of Xander's darker presence.
Rather than piss off the White God, Xander sensed he'd walked into a trap of some sort.
"You're welcome to visit whenever you'd like," the White God said, smiling in a way that made Xander wary.
The White God didn't invite the Original Vamp into his home out of a sense of kindness or moral obligation.
His piece said, the White God left.
Xander's gaze remained where the White God had been.
He would never admit that the White God was right aloud, but he began to think he already left his safe corner by placing his fate in Jessi's hands.
She exited the main house where the White God's family lived and looked around, uncertain where to go.
"The White God doesn't define who I am," Sofi said firmly.
The White God's voice made her turn.
A white desk crammed in a corner was covered with teen magazines, and a box of beads had spilled and scattered a rainbow across the carpet.
A door in one wall was open to reveal the white porcelain sink of a bathroom, and the wall opposite the TV held a kitchenette.
The White God took Xander's arm while the Grey God grabbed Jonny's.
c. antiquorum, are characterized by the large frontal horn of the bulls, the white legs, the network type of coloration and the pale tint.
c. rothschildi also has a large frontal horn and white legs, but the spots in the bulls are very dark and those of the females jagged.
"White" elephants are partial or complete albinos, and are far from uncommon in Burma and Siam.
If 127 parts of iodine, which is an almost black solid, and loo parts of mercury, which is a white liquid metal, be intimately mixed by rubbing them together in a mortar, the two substances wholly disappear, and we obtain instead a brilliant red powder quite unlike the iodine or the mercury; almost the only property that is unchanged is the weight.
We can prepare, in the laboratory, a white powder that proves to be calcium carbonate, that is, it appears to be wholly composed of carbon dioxide and lime.
Two chlorides of copper are known, one a highly coloured substance, the other quite white.
A specimen in the Zoological Gardens of London had the back and tail dark grey, the tail tipped with black, and a rufous wash on the cheeks, shoulders, flanks and outer surface of the limbs, with the under surface white.
It is formed by the junction of the Bafing or Black river and the Bakhoy or White river, and its chief affluent is the Faleme.
After the junction of the Black and White rivers the united stream is known as the Senegal.
He accompanied Peter to the White Sea (1694-1695); took part in the Azov campaign (1695); and was one of the triumvirate who ruled Russia during Peter's first foreign tour (1697-1698).
Their flowers range from white to rose-coloured, yellow and blue.
Amongst hardy species of Nymphaea now much grown are candida, nitida, odorata, pygmaea and tuberosa, all with white, more or less sweet-scented flowers; flava, yellow, and sphaerocarpa, rose-carmine.
All at once a sudden shock passed through my whole being, my eyes swam, and I seemed wrapped in a dazzling white mist.
Arbois is well known for its red and white wines, and has saw-mills, tanneries and market gardens, and manufactures paper, oil and casks.
It is evident that the normal blue is more or less diluted with extraneous white light, having its origin in reflections from the grosser particles of foreign matter with which the air is usually charged.
Before the coming of white settlers there was an Indian village called Shawnee on the site of the present borough.
On being cut or broken the flesh of a true mushroom remains white or nearly so, the flesh of the coarser horse mushroom changes to buff or sometimes to dark brown.
The well-known compact variety of mushroom-growers, with its white cap and dull purplish clay-coloured gills, is A.
cervinus; it has a tall, solid, white, ringless stem and somewhat thin brown cap, furnished underneath with beautiful rose-coloured gills, which are free from the stem as in the mushroom, and which FIG.
Less manure is used in these cellars than we generally see in the mushroom-houses of England, and the surface of each bed is covered with about an inch of fine white stony soil.
The common mushroom (Agaricus campestris) is propagated by spores, the fine black dust seen to be thrown off when a mature specimen is laid on white paper or a white dish; these give rise to what is known as the "spawn" or mycelium, which consists of whitish threads permeating dried dung or similar substances, and which, when planted in a proper medium, runs through the mass, and eventually develops the fructification known as the mushroom.
Among the most important trees of this area are the white and chestnut oaks, the black walnut, the yellow poplar, and the cherry, the southern portion of the state containing the largest reserve supply.
In the area of the Newer Appalachian Mountains, the eastern Panhandle region has a forest similar to that of the plateau district; but between these two areas of hardwood there is a long belt where spruce and white pine cover the mountain ridges.
The exterior of the choir, with its four radiating chapels, its jutting cornices supported by modillions and columns with carved capitals, and its mosaic decoration of black and white stones, is the most interesting part of the exterior The rest of the church comprises a narthex surmounted by a tower, three naves and a transept, over which rises another tower.
The olives and white wine of Aguilar are celebrated in Spain, although the wine, which somewhat resembles sherry, is known as Montilla, from the adjacent town of that name.
alba, from albus, white), a liturgical vestment of the Catholic Church.
It is a sack-like tunic of white linen, with narrow sleeves and a hole for the head to pass through, and when gathered up round the waist by the girdle (cingulum) just clears the ground.
The decree of the Congregation of Rites (May 18,1819) says nothing about apparels, but only lays down that the alb must be of white linen or hemp cloth.
Both the alb and its name are derived ultimately from the tunica alba, the white tunic, which formed part of the ordinary dress of Roman citizens under the Empire.
The colour of the vestment is usually white for bishops and priests (this is the rule in the Coptic Church); for the other orders there is no rule, and all colours,.
The white Oamaru stone is commonly used in these buildings.
There are blast furnaces, iron foundries, engineering works, iron ship-building yards, extensive saw-mills, flour-mills and a manufactory of "blue and white" pottery.
wide; and not far off on the east is a large private house with white tesselated pavements, probably pre-Roman in origin but slightly altered in the Roman period (R.
There is a museum of natural history; the collection is reminiscent of the famous naturalist Gilbert White, of Selborne in this vicinity.
In the Barbargia the men have a white shirt, a black or red waistcoat and black or red coat, often with open sleeves; the cut and decorations of these vary considerably in the different districts.
Bright colours (especially red) are frequent, and the white chemise is an integral part of the dress.
The Campidano and other fertile spots, such as the so-called Ogliastra on the east side of the island, inland of Tortoli, the neighbourhood of Oliena, Bosa, &c., produce a considerable quantity of wine, the sweet, strong, white variety called Vernaccia, produced near Oristano, being especially noteworthy.
It is an unfinished autobiography containing an account of the achievements of Maximilian, who is called "the young white king."
maximum, grows in wet sandy declivities by railway embankments or streams, &c., and is remarkable for its beauty, due to the abundance of its elegant branches and the alternately green and white appearance of the stem.
In one direction the tabby shows a tendency to melanism which culminates in complete blackness, while in the other direction there is an equally marked tendency to albinism; grey cats, which may be regarded as tabbies whose stri p es have disappeared, forming the connecting link between the tabby and the white cat.
A third colour-phase, the "erythristic" or red, is represented by the sandy cat, the female of which takes the form of the "tortoise-shell," characterized, curiously enough, by the colour being a blend of black, white, and sandy.
The most remarkable feature about the breed is that the young are white.
"The kittens," observes a lady writer, "are born absolutely white, and in about a week a faint pencilling comes round the ears, and gradually all the points come.
The blue eyes -and the white coat of the kitten indicate that the Siamese breed is a semi-albino, which when adult tends towards melanism, such a combination of characters being apparently unknown in any other animal.
The only plain in the rugged little country was the White Plain, in which was situated the only important town, Megara.
high, where the white buildings offer a marked contrast to the brown rock which forms their setting.
The jack or kitty, as the white earthenware ball to which the bowler bowls is called, is round and 21 to 21 in.
It is conspicuous by its absorption spectrum in many of the white stars.
The corolla is tubular with a spreading limb, and varies widely in colour, being white, yellow, orange, crimson, scarlet, blue or purple.
He is described as of an athletic frame, though not taller than the common, and a white and ruddy complexion.
Almansa is built at the foot of a white limestone crag, which is surmounted by a Moorish castle, and rises abruptly in the midst of a fertile and irrigated plain.
high, with a revolving white light visible 18 m.
The name Albania (in the Tosk dialect Arberia, in the Gheg Arbenia), like Albania in the Caucasus, Armenia, Albany in Britain, and Auvergne (Arvenia) in France, is probably connected with the root alb, alp, and signifies "the white or snowy uplands."
The highland region of northern Albania is divided into two portions by the lower course of the Drin; the mountains of the northern portion, the Bieska Malziis, extend in a confused and broken series of ridges from Scutari to the valleys of the Ibar and White Drin; they comprise the rocky group of the Prokletia, or Accursed Mountains, with their numerous ramifications, including Mount Velechik, inhabited by the Kastrat and Shkrel tribes, Bukovik by the Hot, Golesh by the Klement, Skulsen (7533 ft.), Baba Vrkh (about 7306 ft.), Maranay near Scutari, and the Bastrik range to the east.
The costume of the Tosks differs from that of the Ghegs; its distinctive feature is the white plaited linen fustanella or petticoat, which has been adopted by the Greeks; the Ghegs wear trews of white or crimson native cloth adorned with black braid, and a short, close-fitting jacket, which in the case of wealthy persons is embellished with gold lace.
It consists of a white felt cap, a long white tunic bound with a red girdle, white linen trousers and opinki, or sandals.
in diameter, and bear in the axil a solitary, stalked, white flower, about the size and shape of the garden anemone, with six or more petals and twice as many hypogynous stamens.
Rich gold placers had already been discovered, and in 1875 the Sioux Indians within whose territory the hills had until then been included, were removed, and the lands were open to white settlers.
Suitable proportions of materials to form a rust joint are 90 parts by weight of iron borings well mixed with 2 parts of flowers of sulphur, and I part of powdered sal-ammoniac. Another joint, less rigid but sound and durable, is made with yarn and white and red lead.
The white and red lead are mixed together to form a putty, and are filled into the socket alternately with layers of well-caulked yarn, starting with yarn and finishing off with the lead mixture.
East Orange has a fine water-works system, which it owns and operates; the water supply is obtained from artesian wells at White Oaks Ridge, in the township of Milburn (about 10 m.
Its bright red beak, the bare bluish skin surrounding its large grey eyes, and the tufts of elongated feathers springing vertically from its lores, give it a pleasing and animated expression; but its plumage generally is of an inconspicuous ochreous grey above and dull white beneath, - the feathers of the upper parts, which on the neck and throat are long and loose, being barred by fine zigzag markings of dark brown, while those of the lower parts are more or less striped.
The wing-quills are brownish black, banded with mottled white, and those of the tail, except the middle pair, which are wholly greyish brown, are banded with mottled white at the base and the tip, but dark brown for the rest of their length.
It was first seen by white men in 1823 when it was reached by way of Tripoli by the British expedition under Dr Walter Oudney, R.N., the other members being Captain Hugh Clapperton and Major (afterwards Lieut.-Colonel) Dixon Denham.
The name is generally applied not only to the order of Ku Klux Klan, but to other similar societies that existed at the same time, such as the Knights of the White Camelia, a larger order than the Klan; the White Brotherhood; the White League; Pale Faces; Constitutional Union Guards; Black Cavalry; White Rose; The '76 Association; and hundreds of smaller societies that sprang up in the South after the Civil War.
The most important orders were the Ku Klux Klan and the Knights of the White Camelia.
The White Camelia was formed in 1867 in Louisiana and rapidly spread over the states of the late Confederacy.
Among his other works are: Det hvide Hus (The White House, 1898), Excentriske Noveller (1885), Stille Eksistenzer (1886), Liv og Dod (Life and Death, (1899), Englen Michael (1902), a volume of poems (1889) and of recollections (Ti Aar, 1891).
But in 1908, owing to the prevailing want of trained soldiers in France, it was proposed to set free the white troops in Algeria by applying the principles of universal service to the natives, as in Tunis.
Colonial Troops.These form an expeditionary army corps in France to which are attached the actual corps of occupation to the various colonies, part white, part natives.
The only countries in which there is a considerable white population are Algeria, Tunisia and New Caledonia.
In India the franchise is exercised without distinction of color or nationality; in Senegal the electors are the inhabitants (black and white) of the communes which have been given full powers.
(I) it is a corruption of the ancient name, Egeopelago; (2) it is from the modern Greek, `Ayco iraayo, the Holy Sea; (3) it arose at the time of the Latin empire, and means the Sea of the Kingdom (Arche); (4) it is a translation of the Turkish name, Ak Denghiz, Argon Pelagos, the White Sea; (5) it is simply Archipelagus, Italian, arcipelago, the chief sea.
It forms white plates, melting at 132°, readily soluble in water, and subliming without decomposition.
Hueffer, Cinque Ports (1900); Indices of the Great White and Black Books of the Cinque Ports (1905).
ROCKY MOUNTAIN GOAT, or White Goat (Oreamnus montanus), a North American hollow-horned ruminant of the family Bovidae, distinguished by its white colour.
Although commonly described as white, the hair has a more or less decided tinge of yellow, which appears to be more marked in the summer than in the winter coat.
The head of a white goat obtained in 1900 from the mountains at the mouth of Copper river, opposite Kyak Island, has been described as a species apart.
Acetamide,, CH 3 ï¿½Conh 2j is a white deliquescent crystalline solid, which melts at 82-83° C. and boils at 222° C. It is usually prepared.
Its prevailing colour is chestnut-red, but the hinder part of the back is marked with broad, white, transverse bands on a dark ground.
those of any other burrowing mammal, the retina being reduced to a mass of simple cells, and the cornea and sclerotic ("white") to a pearshaped fibrous capsule enclosing a ball of pigment.
Boron fluoride also combines with ammonia gas, equal volumes of the two gases giving a white crystalline solid of composition BF 3 NH 3 i with excess of ammonia gas, colourless liquids BF 3.2NH 3 and BF 3.3NH 3 are produced, which on heating lose ammonia and are converted into the solid form.
It unites readily with ammonia gas forming a white crystalline solid of composition 2BC13.3NH3.
It is a white crystalline solid of melting point 43° C.; it boils at 210° C., and it can be distilled without decomposition.
After fusion, the melt is well washed with dilute hydrochloric acid and then with water, the nitride remaining as a white powder.
Borimide B 2 (NH) 3 is obtained on long heating of the compound B 2 S 3.6NH 3 in a stream of hydrogen, or ammonia gas at 115-120° C. It is a white solid which decomposes on heating into boron nitride and ammonia.
Boron sulphide B 2 S 3 can be obtained by the direct union of the two elements at a white heat or from the tri-iodide and sulphur at 44 0 ° C., but is most conveniently prepared by heating a mixture of the trioxide and carbon in a stream of carbon bisulphide vapour.
A pentasulphide B2S5 is prepared, in an impure condition, by heating a solution of sulphur in carbon bisulphide with boron iodide, and forms a white crystalline powder which decomposes under the influence of water into sulphur, sulphuretted hydrogen and boric acid.
Bethlen accepted the title but refused to be crowned, and war was resumed, till the defeat of the Czechs at the battle of the White Hill gave a new turn to affairs.
There is also a white eagle.
The Trigla polyommata, or flying garnet, is a greater beauty, with its body of crimson and silver, and its large pectoral fins, spread like wings, of a rich green, bordered with purple, and relieved by a black and white spot.
This terminates in a long spike thickly studded with white blossoms. The grass-tree gives as distinct a character to an Australian picture as the agave and cactus do to the Mexican landscape.
The finest opal known is obtained in the Upper Cretaceous formation at White Cliffs, near Wilcannia, New South Wales, and at these mines about 700 men find constant employment.
Chrysoberyls have been found in New South Wales; spinel rubies in New South Wales and Victoria; and white topaz in all the states.
In the same district Sir George Grey noticed among the blackfellows people he describes as " almost white."
The teeth are large, white and strong.
The phenomenon is due to very fine particles of dust suspended in the high regions of the atmosphere that produce a scattering effect upon the component parts of white light.
The Deerfield, West, Williams, White, Passumpsic and Nulhegan rivers are the largest of the many streams which are tributary to the Connecticut.
Vermont (vert mont), the Green Mountain State, was so named from the evergreen forests of its mountains, whose principal trees are spruce and fir on the upper slopes and white pine and hemlock on the lower.